---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_bfd Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Routing"
description: |-
  This data source can read the BFD configuration on NX-OS devices, including BFD instance settings, interface-level keepalive policies, and authentication settings.
  API Documentation
  bfdEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:Entity/bfdInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:Inst/bfdIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:If/bfdIfKaP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:IfKaP/bfdAuthP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:AuthP/
---

# nxos_bfd (Data Source)

This data source can read the BFD configuration on NX-OS devices, including BFD instance settings, interface-level keepalive policies, and authentication settings.

### API Documentation

- [bfdEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:Entity/)
- [bfdInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:Inst/)
- [bfdIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:If/)
- [bfdIfKaP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:IfKaP/)
- [bfdAuthP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bfd:AuthP/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_bfd" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `admin_state` (String) The administrative state of the object or policy.
- `echo_interface` (String) Echo Interface to be used for BFD echo frames.
- `hardware_offload` (String) Enable or Disable offloading of BFD sessions to hardware.
- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `instance_admin_state` (String) The administrative state of the object or policy.
- `instance_control` (String) The control state.
- `interfaces` (Attributes Map) List of BFD interfaces.
  - Map key: `interface_id` - Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces))
- `slow_interval` (Number) Slow timer Interval.
- `startup_interval` (Number) Startup timer Interval.

<a id="nestedatt--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `admin_state` (String) The administrative state of the object or policy.
- `authentication_hex_key` (String, Sensitive) A property to indicate Authentication Hex Key for the BFD session.
- `authentication_hex_key_size` (Number) A property to indicate Authentication Hex Key Size.
- `authentication_hex_key_wo` (String) The write-only value of the attribute.
- `authentication_hex_key_wo_version` (Number) The write-only version of the attribute.
- `authentication_interop` (String) Auth Interop Enable Disable on BFD Interface.
- `authentication_key` (String, Sensitive) A property to indicate Authentication Key for the BFD session.
- `authentication_key_id` (Number) Authentication Key ID to be used in the BFD session.
- `authentication_key_wo` (String) The write-only value of the attribute.
- `authentication_key_wo_version` (Number) The write-only version of the attribute.
- `authentication_type` (String) Authentication Type of the BFD session.
- `control` (String) Interface Controls.
- `destination` (String) Destination IP Address.
- `detect_multiplier` (Number) Detection Multiplier. This is the desired detection time multiplier for BFD packets on the local system.
- `echo_admin_state` (String) Echo Mode Admin State of BFD Interface.
- `echo_receive_interval` (Number) Echo Rx Interval. This is the minimum interval, in ms, between received BFD echo packets that this system is capable of supporting.
- `min_receive_interval` (Number) Required Minimum RX Interval. This is the minimum interval, in ms, between received BFD control packets that this system is capable of supporting.
- `min_transmit_interval` (Number) Desired Minimum TX Interval.This is the minimum interval, in ms, that the system would like to use when transmitting BFD control packets.
- `source_ip` (String) Source IPv4/IPv6 Address for BFD sessions.
- `start_timeout` (Number) BFD Start timeout.
- `track_member_link` (String) Track Member Link Enable Disable on bfd interface.
- `vpc_watch` (String) Broadcast vpc-watch session state notification to subscribers.
