---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_bridge_domains Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Switching"
description: |-
  This data source can read the bridge domain configuration on NX-OS devices, including VLAN and VXLAN encapsulation mappings.
  API Documentation: bdEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Layer%202/bd:Entity/
  Additional API Documentation
  l2BD https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Layer%202/l2:BD/
---

# nxos_bridge_domains (Data Source)

This data source can read the bridge domain configuration on NX-OS devices, including VLAN and VXLAN encapsulation mappings.

- API Documentation: [bdEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Layer%202/bd:Entity/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [l2BD](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Layer%202/l2:BD/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_bridge_domains" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `bridge_domains` (Attributes List) List of bridge domains. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bridge_domains))
- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `svi_autostate` (String) Disable/enable autoState for SVI interface.

<a id="nestedatt--bridge_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bridge_domains`

Read-Only:

- `access_encap` (String) The Layer 2 access encapsulation (VLAN or VNID). Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
- `admin_state` (String) admin state.
- `bridge_domain_state` (String) Bridge Domain State can be active or suspended.
- `bridge_mode` (String) The Layer 2 bridge-domain parameter mode used by the node for enabling classical bridging or bridging with the IP address.
- `control` (String) The control state.
- `cross_connect` (String) Enable Cross Connect on VLAN.
- `fabric_encap` (String) The Layer 2 bridge-domain Fabric encapsulation (VNID). Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
- `forwarding_control` (String) The Layer 2 bridge-domain forwarding controls.
- `forwarding_mode` (String) The Layer 2 bridge-domain parameter mode used by the node for enabling forwarding modes.
- `long_name` (Boolean) Enable or disable long name of 128 characters for VLAN.
- `mac_packet_classify` (String) Vlan mac packet classify.
- `mode` (String) Vlan mode.
- `name` (String) The name of the object.
- `vrf_name` (String) Enable or disable vrf name of 32 characters for VLAN.
