docs/data-sources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the default QoS policy map match class map set QoS group configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosSetQoSGrp https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetQoSGrp/
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group (Data Source)

This data source can read the default QoS policy map match class map set QoS group configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosSetQoSGrp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetQoSGrp/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "Voice"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **qos_group_id** (Number) QoS group ID.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the default QoS policy map match class map set QoS group configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosSetQoSGrp https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetQoSGrp/
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group (Data Source)

This data source can read the default QoS policy map match class map set QoS group configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosSetQoSGrp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetQoSGrp/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "Voice"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **qos_group_id** (Number) QoS group ID.
