docs/data-sources/default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the default QoS policy interface in policy map configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Inst/
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map (Data Source)

This data source can read the default QoS policy interface in policy map configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Inst/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the default QoS policy interface in policy map configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Inst/
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map (Data Source)

This data source can read the default QoS policy interface in policy map configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Inst/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.
