docs/data-sources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the default QoS policy map match class map police configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosPolice https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Police/
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police (Data Source)

This data source can read the default QoS policy map match class map police configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosPolice](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Police/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "Voice"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Read-Only

- **bc_rate** (Number) CIR burst rate.
- **bc_unit** (String) CIR burst rate unit.
- **be_rate** (Number) PIR burst rate.
- **be_unit** (String) PIR burst rate unit.
- **cir_rate** (Number) CIR rate.
- **cir_unit** (String) CIR rate unit.
- **conform_action** (String) Conform action.
- **conform_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for conforming traffic.
- **conform_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for conforming traffic.
- **conform_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for conforming traffic.
- **conform_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for conforming traffic.
- **exceed_action** (String) Exceed action.
- **exceed_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for exceeding traffic.
- **exceed_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for exceeding traffic.
- **exceed_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for exceeding traffic.
- **exceed_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for exceeding traffic.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **pir_rate** (Number) PIR rate.
- **pir_unit** (String) PIR rate unit.
- **violate_action** (String) Violate action.
- **violate_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for violating traffic.
- **violate_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for violating traffic.
- **violate_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for violating traffic.
- **violate_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for violating traffic.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the default QoS policy map match class map police configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosPolice https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Police/
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police (Data Source)

This data source can read the default QoS policy map match class map police configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosPolice](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Police/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "Voice"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **bc_rate** (Number) CIR burst rate.
- **bc_unit** (String) CIR burst rate unit.
- **be_rate** (Number) PIR burst rate.
- **be_unit** (String) PIR burst rate unit.
- **cir_rate** (Number) CIR rate.
- **cir_unit** (String) CIR rate unit.
- **conform_action** (String) Conform action.
- **conform_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for conforming traffic.
- **conform_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for conforming traffic.
- **conform_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for conforming traffic.
- **conform_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for conforming traffic.
- **exceed_action** (String) Exceed action.
- **exceed_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for exceeding traffic.
- **exceed_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for exceeding traffic.
- **exceed_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for exceeding traffic.
- **exceed_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for exceeding traffic.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **pir_rate** (Number) PIR rate.
- **pir_unit** (String) PIR rate unit.
- **violate_action** (String) Violate action.
- **violate_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for violating traffic.
- **violate_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for violating traffic.
- **violate_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for violating traffic.
- **violate_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for violating traffic.
