docs/data-sources/dhcp_relay_address.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_dhcp_relay_address Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read a DHCP relay address.
  API Documentation: dhcpRelayAddr https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/DHCP/dhcp:RelayAddr/
---

# nxos_dhcp_relay_address (Data Source)

This data source can read a DHCP relay address.

- API Documentation: [dhcpRelayAddr](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/DHCP/dhcp:RelayAddr/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_dhcp_relay_address" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
  vrf          = "VRF1"
  address      = "1.1.1.1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **address** (String) IPv4 or IPv6 address.
- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/dhcp_relay_address.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_dhcp_relay_address Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read a DHCP relay address.
  API Documentation: dhcpRelayAddr https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/DHCP/dhcp:RelayAddr/
---

# nxos_dhcp_relay_address (Data Source)

This data source can read a DHCP relay address.

- API Documentation: [dhcpRelayAddr](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/DHCP/dhcp:RelayAddr/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_dhcp_relay_address" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
  vrf          = "VRF1"
  address      = "1.1.1.1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **address** (String) IPv4 or IPv6 address.
- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
