---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_hardware_telemetry Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Monitoring"
description: |-
  This data source can read the hardware telemetry configuration on NX-OS devices, including sFlow.
  API Documentation
  analyticsHwTelemetry https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/System/analytics:HwTelemetry/sflowSflow https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/sflow:Sflow/sflowInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/sflow:Inst/
---

# nxos_hardware_telemetry (Data Source)

This data source can read the hardware telemetry configuration on NX-OS devices, including sFlow.

### API Documentation

- [analyticsHwTelemetry](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/System/analytics:HwTelemetry/)
- [sflowSflow](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/sflow:Sflow/)
- [sflowInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/sflow:Inst/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_hardware_telemetry" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `sflow_admin_state` (String) The administrative state of the object or policy.
- `sflow_agent_address` (String) The IP address associated with this agent. In the case of a multi-homed agent, this should be the loopback address of the agent.The address should be an invariant that does not change as interfaces are reconfigured, enabled, disabled, added or removed.
- `sflow_control` (String) The control state.
- `sflow_counter_poll_interval` (Number) The maximum number of seconds between successive samples of the counters associated with this data source.
- `sflow_extended_bgp` (Boolean) Describes whether sflow is configured in extended bgp flow.
- `sflow_extended_switch` (Boolean) Describes whether sflow is configured in extended switch flow.
- `sflow_max_header_size` (Number) The maximum number of bytes that should be copied from a sampled packet. The agent may have an internal maximum and minimum permissible sizes.
- `sflow_packet_sampling_rate` (Number) The statistical sampling rate for packet sampling from this source.
- `sflow_receiver_address` (String) The IP address of the sFlow collector. If set to 0.0.0.0 not sFlow datagrams will be sent.
- `sflow_receiver_max_datagram_size` (Number) The maximum number of data bytes that can be sent in a single sample datagram.
- `sflow_receiver_port` (Number) The destination port for sFlow datagrams.
- `sflow_receiver_source_address` (String) The source ip-address option causes the sent sFlow datagram to use the source IP address as the IP packet source address.
- `sflow_receiver_vrf_name` (String) It holds collector vrf name.
