docs/data-sources/ipv4_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ipv4_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read an IPv4 interface.
  API Documentation: ipv4If https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:If/
---

# nxos_ipv4_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read an IPv4 interface.

- API Documentation: [ipv4If](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:If/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ipv4_interface" "example" {
  vrf          = "default"
  interface_id = "eth1/59"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **unnumbered** (String) IP unnumbered. Reference to interface must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **urpf** (String) URPF (unicast Reverse Path Forwarding).

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/ipv4_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ipv4_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read an IPv4 interface.
  API Documentation: ipv4If https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:If/
---

# nxos_ipv4_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read an IPv4 interface.

- API Documentation: [ipv4If](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:If/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ipv4_interface" "example" {
  vrf          = "default"
  interface_id = "eth1/59"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **unnumbered** (String) IP unnumbered. Reference to interface must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **urpf** (String) URPF (unicast Reverse Path Forwarding).
