---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_isis_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the IS-IS interface configuration.
  API Documentation: isisInternalIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:InternalIf/
---

# nxos_isis_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read the IS-IS interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [isisInternalIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:InternalIf/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_isis_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **authentication_check** (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS without specific level.
- **authentication_check_l1** (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-1.
- **authentication_check_l2** (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-2.
- **authentication_key** (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS without specific level.
- **authentication_key_l1** (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-1.
- **authentication_key_l2** (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-2.
- **authentication_type** (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type without specific level.
- **authentication_type_l1** (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-1.
- **authentication_type_l2** (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-2.
- **circuit_type** (String) Circuit type.
- **hello_interval** (Number) Hello interval.
- **hello_interval_l1** (Number) Hello interval Level-1.
- **hello_interval_l2** (Number) Hello interval Level-2.
- **hello_multiplier** (Number) Hello multiplier.
- **hello_multiplier_l1** (Number) Hello multiplier Level-1.
- **hello_multiplier_l2** (Number) Hello multiplier Level-2.
- **hello_padding** (String) Hello padding.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **metric_l1** (Number) Interface metric Level-1.
- **metric_l2** (Number) Interface metric Level-2.
- **mtu_check** (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS without specific level.
- **mtu_check_l1** (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS on Level-1.
- **mtu_check_l2** (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS on Level-2.
- **network_type_p2p** (String) Enabling Point-to-Point Network Type on IS-IS Interface.
- **passive** (String) IS-IS Passive Interface Info.
- **priority_l1** (Number) Circuit priority.
- **priority_l2** (Number) Circuit priority.
- **vrf** (String) VRF.


