---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_isis Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Routing"
description: |-
  This data source can read the IS-IS configuration.
  API Documentation: isisEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:Entity/
  Additional API Documentation
  isisInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:Inst/isisDom https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:Dom/isisDomAf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:DomAf/isisOverload https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:Overload/isisInternalIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:InternalIf/
---

# nxos_isis (Data Source)

This data source can read the IS-IS configuration.

- API Documentation: [isisEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:Entity/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [isisInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:Inst/)
- [isisDom](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:Dom/)
- [isisDomAf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:DomAf/)
- [isisOverload](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:Overload/)
- [isisInternalIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:InternalIf/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_isis" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `admin_state` (String) Administrative state.
- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `instances` (Attributes List) List of IS-IS instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) List of IS-IS interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces))

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Read-Only:

- `admin_state` (String) Administrative state.
- `name` (String) IS-IS instance name.
- `vrfs` (Attributes List) List of IS-IS VRFs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances--vrfs))

<a id="nestedatt--instances--vrfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances.vrfs`

Read-Only:

- `address_families` (Attributes List) List of IS-IS address families. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances--vrfs--address_families))
- `admin_state` (String) Administrative state.
- `authentication_check_l1` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-1.
- `authentication_check_l2` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-2.
- `authentication_key_l1` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-1.
- `authentication_key_l2` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-2.
- `authentication_type_l1` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-1.
- `authentication_type_l2` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-2.
- `bandwidth_reference` (Number) The IS-IS domain bandwidth reference. This sets the default reference bandwidth used for calculating the IS-IS cost metric.
- `banwidth_reference_unit` (String) Bandwidth reference unit.
- `is_type` (String) IS-IS domain type.
- `metric_type` (String) IS-IS metric type.
- `mtu` (Number) The configuration of link-state packet (LSP) maximum transmission units (MTU) is supported. You can enable up to 4352 bytes.
- `name` (String) VRF name.
- `net` (String) Holds IS-IS domain NET (address) value.
- `overload_startup_time` (Number) The overload startup time. The overload state begins when the switch boots up and ends at the time specified as the overload startup time.
- `passive_default` (String) IS-IS Domain passive-interface default level.

<a id="nestedatt--instances--vrfs--address_families"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances.vrfs.address_families`

Read-Only:

- `address_family` (String) Address family type.
- `enable_bfd` (Boolean) Enabling BFD on all ISIS domain interfaces.
- `prefix_advertise_passive_l1` (Boolean) Prefix advertise passive only for level-1
- `prefix_advertise_passive_l2` (Boolean) Prefix advertise passive only level-2
- `segment_routing_mpls` (Boolean) Segment routing for MPLS




<a id="nestedatt--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_check` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS without specific level.
- `authentication_check_l1` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-1.
- `authentication_check_l2` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-2.
- `authentication_key` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS without specific level.
- `authentication_key_l1` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-1.
- `authentication_key_l2` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-2.
- `authentication_type` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type without specific level.
- `authentication_type_l1` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-1.
- `authentication_type_l2` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-2.
- `circuit_type` (String) Circuit type.
- `enable_ipv4` (Boolean) Enabling ISIS router tag on Interface's IPV4 family.
- `hello_interval` (Number) Hello interval.
- `hello_interval_l1` (Number) Hello interval Level-1.
- `hello_interval_l2` (Number) Hello interval Level-2.
- `hello_multiplier` (Number) Hello multiplier.
- `hello_multiplier_l1` (Number) Hello multiplier Level-1.
- `hello_multiplier_l2` (Number) Hello multiplier Level-2.
- `hello_padding` (String) Hello padding.
- `instance_name` (String) Instance to which the interface belongs to.
- `interface_id` (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- `metric_l1` (Number) Interface metric Level-1.
- `metric_l2` (Number) Interface metric Level-2.
- `mtu_check` (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS without specific level.
- `mtu_check_l1` (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS on Level-1.
- `mtu_check_l2` (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS on Level-2.
- `network_type_p2p` (String) Enabling Point-to-Point Network Type on IS-IS Interface.
- `passive` (String) IS-IS Passive Interface Info.
- `priority_l1` (Number) Circuit priority.
- `priority_l2` (Number) Circuit priority.
- `vrf` (String) VRF.
