---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ntp Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "System"
description: |-
  This data source can read the NTP configuration on NX-OS devices, including NTP servers and peers with VRF, authentication key, and polling interval settings.
  API Documentation: datetimeClkPol https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/System/datetime:ClkPol/
  Additional API Documentation
  datetimeNtpProvider https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/System/datetime:NtpProvider/
---

# nxos_ntp (Data Source)

This data source can read the NTP configuration on NX-OS devices, including NTP servers and peers with VRF, authentication key, and polling interval settings.

- API Documentation: [datetimeClkPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/System/datetime:ClkPol/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [datetimeNtpProvider](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/System/datetime:NtpProvider/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ntp" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `admin_state` (String) A property that indicates if the NTP protocol is enabled or disabled.
- `allow_control` (String) Allow Control Mode NTP Packets.
- `allow_private` (String) Allow Private Mode NTP Packets.
- `authentication_state` (String) A property that indicates if the Datetime policy authentication is enabled or disabled.
- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `logging` (String) NTP Logging Status.
- `logging_level` (String) NTP Logging Level.
- `master` (String) NTP Master Configuration.
- `master_stratum` (Number) NTP Master Stratum Level.
- `passive` (String) Enable/Disable Passive NTP Associations.
- `rate_limit` (Number) Rate-Limit NTP Control Mode Packets.
- `servers` (Attributes List) List of NTP servers or peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))

<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Read-Only:

- `key_id` (Number) NTP provider key ID. Possible range is from `1` to `65535`.
- `max_poll` (Number) NTP maximum interval default in seconds. Possible range is from `4` to `16`.
- `min_poll` (Number) NTP minimum interval default in seconds. Possible range is from `4` to `16`.
- `name` (String) NTP server or peer address.
- `preferred` (Boolean) A property that indicates if the NTP server is preferred. Only one preferred server is allowed.
- `type` (String) NTP provider type. Possible values are `server` or `peer`.
- `vrf` (String) Identifies the VRF for the NTP providers.
