docs/data-sources/nvo.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_nvo Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Overlay"
description: |-
  This data source can read the NVO (Network Virtualization Overlay) configuration on NX-OS devices, including NVE interfaces, VNIs, and ingress replication settings.
  API Documentation: nvoEps https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Eps/
  Additional API Documentation
  nvoEp https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Ep/nvoNws https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Nws/nvoNw https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Nw/nvoIngRepl https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:IngRepl/
---

# nxos_nvo (Data Source)

This data source can read the NVO (Network Virtualization Overlay) configuration on NX-OS devices, including NVE interfaces, VNIs, and ingress replication settings.

- API Documentation: [nvoEps](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Eps/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [nvoEp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Ep/)
- [nvoNws](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Nws/)
- [nvoNw](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Nw/)
- [nvoIngRepl](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:IngRepl/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_nvo" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `nve_interfaces` (Attributes List) NVE interface configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nve_interfaces))

<a id="nestedatt--nve_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nve_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `admin_state` (String) Administrative Up or Down state of the NVE.
- `advertise_virtual_mac` (Boolean) Enable or disable Virtual MAC Advertisement in VPC mode.
- `hold_down_time` (Number) Hold Down Time.
- `host_reachability_protocol` (String) Host Reachability Protocol.
- `id` (Number) Network Virtualization Overlay Endpoint (NVE) ID.
- `ingress_replication_protocol_bgp` (Boolean) VxLAN Ingress Replication Protocol BGP.
- `multicast_group_l2` (String) Base multicast group address for L2.
- `multicast_group_l3` (String) Base multicast group address for L3.
- `multisite_source_interface` (String) Interface representing the Multisite Border Gateway. Must match first field in the output of `show int brief`.
- `source_interface` (String) Source Interface associated with the NVE. Must match first field in the output of `show int brief`.
- `suppress_arp` (Boolean) Suppress ARP.
- `suppress_mac_route` (Boolean) Suppress MAC Route.
- `vnis` (Attributes List) List of VNIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nve_interfaces--vnis))

<a id="nestedatt--nve_interfaces--vnis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nve_interfaces.vnis`

Read-Only:

- `associate_vrf` (Boolean) Configures VNI(s) as L3 VNI.
- `ingress_replication_protocol` (String) Configure VxLAN Ingress Replication mode.
- `multicast_group` (String) Configures multicast group address for VNI(s).
- `multisite_ingress_replication` (String) Enable or disable Multisite Ingress Replication for VNI(s).
- `suppress_arp` (String) Enable or disable ARP suppression for VNI(s).
- `vni` (Number) Configure Virtual Network ID.

Commit message:

Expand NVO attributes
Add missing configurable attributes from DME documentation to the NVO
definition across nvoEps, nvoEp, and nvoNw classes. Includes vxlan UDP
port/mode, anycast interface, encapsulation type, fabric ready time,
controller ID, description, multicast routing source interface, multisite
virtual MAC, suppress ND, virtual MAC, legacy mode, multisite multicast
group, and spine anycast gateway.

docs/data-sources/nvo.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_nvo Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Overlay"
description: |-
  This data source can read the NVO (Network Virtualization Overlay) configuration on NX-OS devices, including NVE interfaces, VNIs, and ingress replication settings.
  API Documentation: nvoEps https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Eps/
  Additional API Documentation
  nvoEp https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Ep/nvoNws https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Nws/nvoNw https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Nw/nvoIngRepl https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:IngRepl/
---

# nxos_nvo (Data Source)

This data source can read the NVO (Network Virtualization Overlay) configuration on NX-OS devices, including NVE interfaces, VNIs, and ingress replication settings.

- API Documentation: [nvoEps](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Eps/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [nvoEp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Ep/)
- [nvoNws](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Nws/)
- [nvoNw](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:Nw/)
- [nvoIngRepl](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Network%20Virtualization/nvo:IngRepl/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_nvo" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `nve_interfaces` (Attributes List) NVE interface configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nve_interfaces))
- `vxlan_udp_port` (Number) VxLAN UDP Port. Allowed value range is 1024-65535.
- `vxlan_udp_source_port_mode` (String) VxLAN UDP Source Port Mode.

<a id="nestedatt--nve_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nve_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `admin_state` (String) Administrative Up or Down state of the NVE.
- `advertise_virtual_mac` (Boolean) Enable or disable Virtual MAC Advertisement in VPC mode.
- `anycast_source_interface` (String) Anycast Source Interface associated with the NVE. Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`.
- `configuration_source` (String) Enable or disable VxLAN configuration via controller.
- `controller_id` (Number) Controller ID (applicable when host reachability proto is controller).
- `description` (String) Description for the NVE.
- `encapsulation_type` (String) Encapsulation Type.
- `fabric_ready_time` (Number) Time in seconds after which fabric convergence is signalled.
- `hold_down_time` (Number) Hold Down Time.
- `host_reachability_protocol` (String) Host Reachability Protocol.
- `id` (Number) Network Virtualization Overlay Endpoint (NVE) ID.
- `ingress_replication_protocol_bgp` (Boolean) VxLAN Ingress Replication Protocol BGP.
- `multicast_group_l2` (String) Base multicast group address for L2.
- `multicast_group_l3` (String) Base multicast group address for L3.
- `multicast_routing_source_interface` (String) Multicast routing source interface.
- `multisite_source_interface` (String) Interface representing the Multisite Border Gateway. Must match first field in the output of `show int brief`.
- `multisite_virtual_mac` (String) Custom Multisite Virtual Router MAC address configuration.
- `source_interface` (String) Source Interface associated with the NVE. Must match first field in the output of `show int brief`.
- `suppress_arp` (Boolean) Suppress ARP.
- `suppress_mac_route` (Boolean) Suppress MAC Route.
- `suppress_nd` (Boolean) Suppress ND enabled for those VNIs that have suppress ARP already enabled on them.
- `virtual_mac` (String) Custom Virtual Router MAC address configuration for VPC VxLAN.
- `vnis` (Attributes List) List of VNIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nve_interfaces--vnis))

<a id="nestedatt--nve_interfaces--vnis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nve_interfaces.vnis`

Read-Only:

- `associate_vrf` (Boolean) Configures VNI(s) as L3 VNI.
- `ingress_replication_protocol` (String) Configure VxLAN Ingress Replication mode.
- `legacy_mode` (Boolean) Indicates whether Multicast group configuration for the VNI(s) is configured in legacy mode or not.
- `multicast_group` (String) Configures multicast group address for VNI(s).
- `multisite_ingress_replication` (String) Enable or disable Multisite Ingress Replication for VNI(s).
- `multisite_multicast_group` (String) Configures multisite multicast group address for VNI(s).
- `spine_anycast_gateway` (Boolean) Enable or disable spine anycast gateway for VNI(s).
- `suppress_arp` (String) Enable or disable ARP suppression for VNI(s).
- `vni` (Number) Configure Virtual Network ID.
