---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_nxapi Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "System"
description: |-
  This data source can read the NX-API configuration on NX-OS devices, including VRF, HTTP/HTTPS ports, SSL settings, certificate configuration, and client certificate authentication.
  API Documentation
  nxapiInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/System/nxapi:Inst/
---

# nxos_nxapi (Data Source)

This data source can read the NX-API configuration on NX-OS devices, including VRF, HTTP/HTTPS ports, SSL settings, certificate configuration, and client certificate authentication.

### API Documentation

- [nxapiInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/System/nxapi:Inst/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_nxapi" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_enable` (Boolean) Certificate status of NX-API.
- `certificate_file` (String) Certificate file for NX-API.
- `client_certificate_authentication` (String) Enable Mutual SSL Certificate Authentication for NXAPI between client and server and set verficiation restriction level.
- `encrypted_key_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) Passphrase to decrypt the encrypted key file for NX-API.
- `encrypted_key_passphrase_wo` (String) The write-only value of the attribute.
- `encrypted_key_passphrase_wo_version` (Number) The write-only version of the attribute.
- `http_port` (Number) HTTP Port.
- `https_port` (Number) HTTPS Port.
- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `idle_timeout` (Number) Specifies the idle timeout (in minutes) before a session expires.
- `key_file` (String) Key file for NX-API.
- `ssl_ciphers_weak` (Boolean) Enable Weak Ciphers for SSL.
- `ssl_protocols` (String) String of space separated SSL protocols to be supported.
- `sudi` (Boolean) SUDI support for nginx.
- `trustpoint` (String) Trustpoint label for NX-API.
- `vrf` (String) Vrf for NX-API.
