docs/data-sources/ospf_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the OSPF interface configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:If/
---

# nxos_ospf_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read the OSPF interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:If/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ospf_interface" "example" {
  instance_name = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name      = "default"
  interface_id  = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **advertise_secondaries** (Boolean) Advertise secondary IP addresses.
- **area** (String) Area identifier to which a network or interface belongs in IPv4 address format.
- **bfd** (String) Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD).
- **cost** (Number) Specifies the cost of interface.
- **dead_interval** (Number) Dead interval, interval after which router declares that neighbor as down.
- **hello_interval** (Number) Hello interval, interval between hello packets that OSPF sends on the interface.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **network_type** (String) Network type.
- **passive** (String) Passive interface control. Interface can be configured as passive or non-passive.
- **priority** (Number) Priority, used in determining the designated router on this network.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/ospf_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the OSPF interface configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:If/
---

# nxos_ospf_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read the OSPF interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:If/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ospf_interface" "example" {
  instance_name = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name      = "default"
  interface_id  = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **advertise_secondaries** (Boolean) Advertise secondary IP addresses.
- **area** (String) Area identifier to which a network or interface belongs in IPv4 address format.
- **bfd** (String) Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD).
- **cost** (Number) Specifies the cost of interface.
- **dead_interval** (Number) Dead interval, interval after which router declares that neighbor as down.
- **hello_interval** (Number) Hello interval, interval between hello packets that OSPF sends on the interface.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **network_type** (String) Network type.
- **passive** (String) Passive interface control. Interface can be configured as passive or non-passive.
- **priority** (Number) Priority, used in determining the designated router on this network.
