docs/data-sources/ospf_area.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_area Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the OSPF Area configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfArea https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Area/
---

# nxos_ospf_area (Data Source)

This data source can read the OSPF Area configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfArea](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Area/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ospf_area" "example" {
  instance_name = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name      = "default"
  area_id       = "0.0.0.10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **area_id** (String) Area identifier to which a network or interface belongs in IPv4 address format.
- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **authentication_type** (String) Authentication type.
- **cost** (Number) Area cost, specifies cost for default summary LSAs. Used with nssa/stub area types.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **type** (String) Area type.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/ospf_area.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_area Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the OSPF Area configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfArea https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Area/
---

# nxos_ospf_area (Data Source)

This data source can read the OSPF Area configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfArea](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Area/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ospf_area" "example" {
  instance_name = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name      = "default"
  area_id       = "0.0.0.10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **area_id** (String) Area identifier to which a network or interface belongs in IPv4 address format.
- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **authentication_type** (String) Authentication type.
- **cost** (Number) Area cost, specifies cost for default summary LSAs. Used with nssa/stub area types.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **type** (String) Area type.
