docs/data-sources/ospf_vrf.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_vrf Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the OSPF VRF configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfDom https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Dom/
---

# nxos_ospf_vrf (Data Source)

This data source can read the OSPF VRF configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfDom](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Dom/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ospf_vrf" "example" {
  instance_name = "OSPF1"
  name          = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **name** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
- **bandwidth_reference** (Number) Bandwidth reference value.
- **banwidth_reference_unit** (String) Bandwidth reference unit.
- **distance** (Number) Administrative distance preference.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **router_id** (String) Router ID.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/ospf_vrf.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_vrf Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the OSPF VRF configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfDom https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Dom/
---

# nxos_ospf_vrf (Data Source)

This data source can read the OSPF VRF configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfDom](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Dom/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ospf_vrf" "example" {
  instance_name = "OSPF1"
  name          = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
- **bandwidth_reference** (Number) Bandwidth reference value.
- **banwidth_reference_unit** (String) Bandwidth reference unit.
- **distance** (Number) Administrative distance preference.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **router_id** (String) Router ID.
