docs/data-sources/ospf_authentication.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_authentication Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the OSPF authentication configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfAuthNewP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:AuthNewP/
---

# nxos_ospf_authentication (Data Source)

This data source can read the OSPF authentication configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfAuthNewP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:AuthNewP/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ospf_authentication" "example" {
  instance_name = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name      = "default"
  interface_id  = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **key** (String) Key used for authentication.
- **key_id** (Number) Key ID used for authentication.
- **key_secure_mode** (Boolean) Encrypted authentication key or plain text key.
- **keychain** (String) Authentication keychain.
- **md5_key** (String) Key used for md5 authentication.
- **md5_key_secure_mode** (Boolean) Encrypted authentication md5 key or plain text key.
- **type** (String) Authentication type.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/ospf_authentication.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_authentication Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the OSPF authentication configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfAuthNewP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:AuthNewP/
---

# nxos_ospf_authentication (Data Source)

This data source can read the OSPF authentication configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfAuthNewP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:AuthNewP/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_ospf_authentication" "example" {
  instance_name = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name      = "default"
  interface_id  = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **key** (String) Key used for authentication.
- **key_id** (Number) Key ID used for authentication.
- **key_secure_mode** (Boolean) Encrypted authentication key or plain text key.
- **keychain** (String) Authentication keychain.
- **md5_key** (String) Key used for md5 authentication.
- **md5_key_secure_mode** (Boolean) Encrypted authentication md5 key or plain text key.
- **type** (String) Authentication type.
