docs/data-sources/physical_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_physical_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the configuration of a physical interface.
  API Documentation: l1PhysIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/System/l1:PhysIf/
---

# nxos_physical_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read the configuration of a physical interface.

- API Documentation: [l1PhysIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/System/l1:PhysIf/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_physical_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Read-Only

- **access_vlan** (String) Access VLAN. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
- **admin_state** (String) Administrative port state.
- **auto_negotiation** (String) Administrative port auto-negotiation.
- **bandwidth** (Number) The bandwidth parameter for a routed interface, port channel, or subinterface.
- **delay** (Number) The administrative port delay time.
- **description** (String) Interface description.
- **duplex** (String) Duplex.
- **fec_mode** (String) FEC mode.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **layer** (String) Administrative port layer.
- **link_logging** (String) Administrative link logging.
- **medium** (String) The administrative port medium type.
- **mode** (String) Administrative port mode.
- **mtu** (Number) Administrative port MTU.
- **native_vlan** (String) Native VLAN. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
- **speed** (String) Administrative port speed.
- **speed_group** (String) Speed group.
- **trunk_vlans** (String) List of trunk VLANs.
- **uni_directional_ethernet** (String) UDE (Uni-Directional Ethernet).

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/physical_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_physical_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the configuration of a physical interface.
  API Documentation: l1PhysIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/System/l1:PhysIf/
---

# nxos_physical_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read the configuration of a physical interface.

- API Documentation: [l1PhysIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/System/l1:PhysIf/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_physical_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **access_vlan** (String) Access VLAN. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
- **admin_state** (String) Administrative port state.
- **auto_negotiation** (String) Administrative port auto-negotiation.
- **bandwidth** (Number) The bandwidth parameter for a routed interface, port channel, or subinterface.
- **delay** (Number) The administrative port delay time.
- **description** (String) Interface description.
- **duplex** (String) Duplex.
- **fec_mode** (String) FEC mode.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **layer** (String) Administrative port layer.
- **link_logging** (String) Administrative link logging.
- **medium** (String) The administrative port medium type.
- **mode** (String) Administrative port mode.
- **mtu** (Number) Administrative port MTU.
- **native_vlan** (String) Native VLAN. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
- **speed** (String) Administrative port speed.
- **speed_group** (String) Speed group.
- **trunk_vlans** (String) List of trunk VLANs.
- **uni_directional_ethernet** (String) UDE (Uni-Directional Ethernet).
