docs/data-sources/pim_static_rp_group_list.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_static_rp_group_list Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the PIM Static RP group list configuration.
  API Documentation: pimRPGrpList https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:RPGrpList/
---

# nxos_pim_static_rp_group_list (Data Source)

This data source can read the PIM Static RP group list configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimRPGrpList](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:RPGrpList/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_pim_static_rp_group_list" "example" {
  vrf_name   = "default"
  rp_address = "1.2.3.4"
  address    = "224.0.0.0/4"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **address** (String) Group list address information.
- **rp_address** (String) RP address.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **bidir** (Boolean) Flag to treat Group Ranges as BiDir.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **override** (Boolean) Flag to override RP preference to use Static over Dynamic RP.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/pim_static_rp_group_list.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_static_rp_group_list Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the PIM Static RP group list configuration.
  API Documentation: pimRPGrpList https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:RPGrpList/
---

# nxos_pim_static_rp_group_list (Data Source)

This data source can read the PIM Static RP group list configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimRPGrpList](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:RPGrpList/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_pim_static_rp_group_list" "example" {
  vrf_name   = "default"
  rp_address = "1.2.3.4"
  address    = "224.0.0.0/4"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **address** (String) Group list address information.
- **rp_address** (String) RP address.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **bidir** (Boolean) Flag to treat Group Ranges as BiDir.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **override** (Boolean) Flag to override RP preference to use Static over Dynamic RP.
