docs/data-sources/pim_ssm_range.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_ssm_range Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the PIM SSM range configuration.
  API Documentation: pimSSMRangeP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:SSMRangeP/
---

# nxos_pim_ssm_range (Data Source)

This data source can read the PIM SSM range configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimSSMRangeP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:SSMRangeP/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_pim_ssm_range" "example" {
  vrf_name = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **group_list_1** (String) Group list 1.
- **group_list_2** (String) Group list 2.
- **group_list_3** (String) Group list 3.
- **group_list_4** (String) Group list 4.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **prefix_list** (String) Prefix list name.
- **route_map** (String) Route map name.
- **ssm_none** (Boolean) Exclude standard SSM range (232.0.0.0/8).

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/pim_ssm_range.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_ssm_range Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the PIM SSM range configuration.
  API Documentation: pimSSMRangeP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:SSMRangeP/
---

# nxos_pim_ssm_range (Data Source)

This data source can read the PIM SSM range configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimSSMRangeP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:SSMRangeP/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_pim_ssm_range" "example" {
  vrf_name = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **group_list_1** (String) Group list 1.
- **group_list_2** (String) Group list 2.
- **group_list_3** (String) Group list 3.
- **group_list_4** (String) Group list 4.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **prefix_list** (String) Prefix list name.
- **route_map** (String) Route map name.
- **ssm_none** (Boolean) Exclude standard SSM range (232.0.0.0/8).
