docs/data-sources/pim_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the PIM interface configuration.
  API Documentation: pimIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:If/
---

# nxos_pim_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read the PIM interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:If/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_pim_interface" "example" {
  vrf_name     = "default"
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
- **bfd** (String) BFD.
- **dr_priority** (Number) Designated Router priority level.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **passive** (Boolean) Passive interface.
- **sparse_mode** (Boolean) Sparse mode.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/pim_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the PIM interface configuration.
  API Documentation: pimIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:If/
---

# nxos_pim_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read the PIM interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:If/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_pim_interface" "example" {
  vrf_name     = "default"
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
- **bfd** (String) BFD.
- **dr_priority** (Number) Designated Router priority level.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **passive** (Boolean) Passive interface.
- **sparse_mode** (Boolean) Sparse mode.
