docs/data-sources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the queuing QoS policy map match class map configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosMatchCMap https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:MatchCMap/
---

# nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map (Data Source)

This data source can read the queuing QoS policy map match class map configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosMatchCMap](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:MatchCMap/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  name            = "c-out-q1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the queuing QoS policy map match class map configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosMatchCMap https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:MatchCMap/
---

# nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map (Data Source)

This data source can read the queuing QoS policy map match class map configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosMatchCMap](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:MatchCMap/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  name            = "c-out-q1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
