docs/data-sources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_remaining_bandwidth.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_remaining_bandwidth Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the queuing QoS policy map match class map remaining bandwidth configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosSetRemBW https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetRemBW/
---

# nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_remaining_bandwidth (Data Source)

This data source can read the queuing QoS policy map match class map remaining bandwidth configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosSetRemBW](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetRemBW/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_remaining_bandwidth" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "c-out-q1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **value** (Number) Remaining bandwidth percent.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_remaining_bandwidth.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_remaining_bandwidth Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read the queuing QoS policy map match class map remaining bandwidth configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosSetRemBW https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetRemBW/
---

# nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_remaining_bandwidth (Data Source)

This data source can read the queuing QoS policy map match class map remaining bandwidth configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosSetRemBW](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetRemBW/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_remaining_bandwidth" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "c-out-q1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **value** (Number) Remaining bandwidth percent.
