docs/data-sources/route_policy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_route_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Routing"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Route Policy configuration.
  API Documentation: rpmEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rpm:Entity/
  Additional API Documentation
  rtpfxRuleV4 https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtpfx:RuleV4/rtpfxEntry https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtpfx:Entry/rtmapRule https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:Rule/rtmapEntry https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:Entry/rtmapMatchRtDst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:MatchRtDst/rtmapRsRtDstAtt https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:RsRtDstAtt/rtmapSetRegComm https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:SetRegComm/rtregcomItem https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtregcom:Item/rtmapMatchRtTag https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:MatchRtTag/
---

# nxos_route_policy (Data Source)

This data source can read the Route Policy configuration.

- API Documentation: [rpmEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rpm:Entity/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [rtpfxRuleV4](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtpfx:RuleV4/)
- [rtpfxEntry](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtpfx:Entry/)
- [rtmapRule](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:Rule/)
- [rtmapEntry](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:Entry/)
- [rtmapMatchRtDst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:MatchRtDst/)
- [rtmapRsRtDstAtt](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:RsRtDstAtt/)
- [rtmapSetRegComm](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:SetRegComm/)
- [rtregcomItem](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtregcom:Item/)
- [rtmapMatchRtTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:MatchRtTag/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_route_policy" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `ipv4_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 Prefix Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4_prefix_lists))
- `route_maps` (Attributes List) List of Route Maps. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps))

<a id="nestedatt--ipv4_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4_prefix_lists`

Read-Only:

- `entries` (Attributes List) IPv4 Prefix List entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4_prefix_lists--entries))
- `name` (String) IPv4 Prefix List name.

<a id="nestedatt--ipv4_prefix_lists--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4_prefix_lists.entries`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) IPv4 Prefix List entry action.
- `criteria` (String) IPv4 Prefix List entry criteria.
- `from_range` (Number) IPv4 Prefix List entry start range.
- `order` (Number) IPv4 Prefix List entry order.
- `prefix` (String) IPv4 Prefix List entry prefix.
- `to_range` (Number) IPv4 Prefix List entry end range.



<a id="nestedatt--route_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps`

Read-Only:

- `entries` (Attributes List) List of Route Map Entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps--entries))
- `name` (String) Route Map name.

<a id="nestedatt--route_maps--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps.entries`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Route Map Entry action.
- `additive` (String) Option to add to an existing community.
- `match_route_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) List of Match Route Prefix Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps--entries--match_route_prefix_lists))
- `match_tags` (Attributes List) List of Match Tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps--entries--match_tags))
- `no_community` (String) Option to have no community attribute.
- `order` (Number) Route Map Entry order.
- `set_criteria` (String) Operation on the current community.
- `set_regular_community_items` (Attributes List) List of Set Community Items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps--entries--set_regular_community_items))

<a id="nestedatt--route_maps--entries--match_route_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps.entries.match_route_prefix_lists`

Read-Only:

- `prefix_list_dn` (String) DN of Prefix List. For example: `sys/rpm/pfxlistv4-[PREFIX_LIST1]`


<a id="nestedatt--route_maps--entries--match_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps.entries.match_tags`

Read-Only:

- `tag` (Number) Route Map Tag Value


<a id="nestedatt--route_maps--entries--set_regular_community_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps.entries.set_regular_community_items`

Read-Only:

- `community` (String) Set Community.

Commit message:

Route policy qos attribute refactoring

docs/data-sources/route_policy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_route_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Routing"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Route Policy configuration.
  API Documentation: rpmEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rpm:Entity/
  Additional API Documentation
  rtpfxRuleV4 https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtpfx:RuleV4/rtpfxEntry https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtpfx:Entry/rtmapRule https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:Rule/rtmapEntry https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:Entry/rtmapMatchRtDst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:MatchRtDst/rtmapRsRtDstAtt https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:RsRtDstAtt/rtmapSetRegComm https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:SetRegComm/rtregcomItem https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtregcom:Item/rtmapMatchRtTag https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:MatchRtTag/
---

# nxos_route_policy (Data Source)

This data source can read the Route Policy configuration.

- API Documentation: [rpmEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rpm:Entity/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [rtpfxRuleV4](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtpfx:RuleV4/)
- [rtpfxEntry](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtpfx:Entry/)
- [rtmapRule](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:Rule/)
- [rtmapEntry](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:Entry/)
- [rtmapMatchRtDst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:MatchRtDst/)
- [rtmapRsRtDstAtt](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:RsRtDstAtt/)
- [rtmapSetRegComm](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:SetRegComm/)
- [rtregcomItem](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtregcom:Item/)
- [rtmapMatchRtTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/rtmap:MatchRtTag/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_route_policy" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `ipv4_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 Prefix Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4_prefix_lists))
- `route_maps` (Attributes List) List of Route Maps. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps))

<a id="nestedatt--ipv4_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4_prefix_lists`

Read-Only:

- `entries` (Attributes List) IPv4 Prefix List entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4_prefix_lists--entries))
- `name` (String) Object name.

<a id="nestedatt--ipv4_prefix_lists--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4_prefix_lists.entries`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action.
- `criteria` (String) Criteria.
- `from_range` (Number) The start of a range used to describe the prefix length if the criteria is not an exact match.
- `order` (Number) Order.
- `prefix` (String) Specifies the OSPF route prefix.
- `to_range` (Number) The end of a range to describe the prefix length if the criteria is not an exact match.



<a id="nestedatt--route_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps`

Read-Only:

- `entries` (Attributes List) List of Route Map Entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps--entries))
- `name` (String) Object name.

<a id="nestedatt--route_maps--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps.entries`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action.
- `match_route_prefix_lists` (Attributes List) List of Match Route Prefix Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps--entries--match_route_prefix_lists))
- `match_tags` (Attributes List) List of Match Tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps--entries--match_tags))
- `order` (Number) Order.
- `set_regular_community_additive` (String) Add To Existing Community.
- `set_regular_community_criteria` (String) Criteria.
- `set_regular_community_items` (Attributes List) List of Set Community Items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_maps--entries--set_regular_community_items))
- `set_regular_community_no_community` (String) No Community Attribute.

<a id="nestedatt--route_maps--entries--match_route_prefix_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps.entries.match_route_prefix_lists`

Read-Only:

- `prefix_list_dn` (String) DN of Prefix List. For example: `sys/rpm/pfxlistv4-[PREFIX_LIST1]`


<a id="nestedatt--route_maps--entries--match_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps.entries.match_tags`

Read-Only:

- `tag` (Number) The color of a policy label.


<a id="nestedatt--route_maps--entries--set_regular_community_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_maps.entries.set_regular_community_items`

Read-Only:

- `community` (String) Community.
