docs/data-sources/svi_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_svi_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read an SVI interface.
  API Documentation: sviIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/
---

# nxos_svi_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read an SVI interface.

- API Documentation: [sviIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_svi_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "vlan293"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `vlan100`.

### Read-Only

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative port state.
- **bandwidth** (Number) Specifies the administrative port bandwidth.
- **delay** (Number) Specifies the administrative port delay.
- **description** (String) Interface description.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **medium** (String) The administrative port medium type.
- **mtu** (Number) Administrative port MTU.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/svi_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_svi_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read an SVI interface.
  API Documentation: sviIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/
---

# nxos_svi_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read an SVI interface.

- API Documentation: [sviIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_svi_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "vlan293"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `vlan100`.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative port state.
- **bandwidth** (Number) Specifies the administrative port bandwidth.
- **delay** (Number) Specifies the administrative port delay.
- **description** (String) Interface description.
- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **medium** (String) The administrative port medium type.
- **mtu** (Number) Administrative port MTU.
