docs/data-sources/svi_interface_vrf.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_svi_interface_vrf Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read an SVI interface VRF association.
  API Documentation: nwRtVrfMbr https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/nw:RtVrfMbr/
---

# nxos_svi_interface_vrf (Data Source)

This data source can read an SVI interface VRF association.

- API Documentation: [nwRtVrfMbr](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/nw:RtVrfMbr/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_svi_interface_vrf" "example" {
  interface_id = "vlan293"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `vlan100`.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **vrf_dn** (String) DN of VRF. For example: `sys/inst-VRF1`.

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/data-sources/svi_interface_vrf.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_svi_interface_vrf Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can read an SVI interface VRF association.
  API Documentation: nwRtVrfMbr https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/nw:RtVrfMbr/
---

# nxos_svi_interface_vrf (Data Source)

This data source can read an SVI interface VRF association.

- API Documentation: [nwRtVrfMbr](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/nw:RtVrfMbr/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_svi_interface_vrf" "example" {
  interface_id = "vlan293"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `vlan100`.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- **vrf_dn** (String) DN of VRF. For example: `sys/inst-VRF1`.
