---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_svi_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Interface"
description: |-
  This data source can read an SVI (Switch Virtual Interface) on NX-OS devices, including administrative state, bandwidth, MTU, and medium type settings.
  API Documentation: sviIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/
  Additional API Documentation
  nwRtVrfMbr https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/nw:RtVrfMbr/
---

# nxos_svi_interface (Data Source)

This data source can read an SVI (Switch Virtual Interface) on NX-OS devices, including administrative state, bandwidth, MTU, and medium type settings.

- API Documentation: [sviIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [nwRtVrfMbr](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/nw:RtVrfMbr/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_svi_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "vlan293"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface_id` (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `vlan100`.

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `admin_state` (String) Administrative state.
- `autostate` (Boolean) Autostate Enabled?
- `bandwidth` (Number) Specifies the administrative port bandwidth.
- `carrier_delay` (Number) The hold period for which carrier transition, such as L2 interfacing going down, is ignored.
- `delay` (Number) Specifies the administrative port delay.
- `description` (String) Tunnel Description.
- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `inband_management` (Boolean) An in-band management interface configuration.
- `load_interval_counter_1` (Number) Load-averaging Interval 1.
- `load_interval_counter_2` (Number) Load-averaging Interval 2.
- `load_interval_counter_3` (Number) Load-averaging Interval 3.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address.
- `medium` (String) Indicates the administrative port medium type.
- `mtu` (Number) The administrative MTU port on the aggregated interface.
- `mtu_inherit` (Boolean) A property for specifying if the MTU is inherited from global policy.
- `snmp_trap_link_status` (Boolean) SNMP Trap Link Status Enabled?
- `vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN ID associated with the SVI.
- `vrf_dn` (String) DN of VRF. For example: `sys/inst-VRF1`.
