---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_user_management Data Source - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  This data source can read the user management configuration on NX-OS devices, including local user accounts, passwords, and role assignments.
  API Documentation: aaaUserEp https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:UserEp/
  Additional API Documentation
  aaaPreLoginBanner https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:PreLoginBanneraaaPostLoginBanner https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:PostLoginBanneraaaUser https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:User/aaaUserDomain https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:UserDomain/aaaUserRole https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:UserRole/
---

# nxos_user_management (Data Source)

This data source can read the user management configuration on NX-OS devices, including local user accounts, passwords, and role assignments.

- API Documentation: [aaaUserEp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:UserEp/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [aaaPreLoginBanner](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:PreLoginBanner)
- [aaaPostLoginBanner](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:PostLoginBanner)
- [aaaUser](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:User/)
- [aaaUserDomain](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:UserDomain/)
- [aaaUserRole](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/aaa:UserRole/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nxos_user_management" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `alphabet_sequence` (Number) Disallow sequential alphabetical characters in password.
- `description` (String) Description of the specified attribute.
- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.
- `keyboard_sequence` (Number) Disallow sequential keyboard characters in password.
- `max_logins` (Number) Maximum Simultaneous Logins.
- `min_unique` (Number) Count for number of old password history accepted.
- `password_grace_time` (Number) Grace time of user passphrase (in days).
- `password_life_time` (Number) Lifetime of user passphrase (in days).
- `password_max_length` (Number) Password max length.
- `password_min_length` (Number) Password min length.
- `password_secure_mode` (String) Password secure-mode.
- `password_strength_check` (String) The password strength check, which specifies if the system enforces the strength of the user password.
- `password_warning_time` (Number) Warning time of user passphrase (in days).
- `post_login_banner_description` (String) Description of the specified attribute.
- `post_login_banner_message` (String) A message displayed in the banner.
- `post_login_banner_name` (String) Object name.
- `post_login_banner_owner_key` (String) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
- `post_login_banner_owner_tag` (String) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
- `pre_login_banner_description` (String) Description of the specified attribute.
- `pre_login_banner_message` (String) A message displayed in the banner.
- `pre_login_banner_name` (String) Object name.
- `pre_login_banner_owner_key` (String) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
- `pre_login_banner_owner_tag` (String) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
- `service_password_recovery` (String) Service Password Recovery.
- `users` (Attributes List) List of users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `account_status` (String) The status of the locally-authenticated user account.
- `allow_expired` (String) Allow expired user to be configured.
- `clear_password_history` (String) Allows the administrator to clear the password history of a locally-authenticated user.
- `description` (String) Description of the specified attribute.
- `email` (String) The email address of the locally-authenticated user.
- `expiration` (String) Account Expiration Date.
- `expires` (String) A property to enable an expiration date for the locally-authenticated user account.
- `first_name` (String) The first name of the locally-authenticated user.
- `force` (String) Delete user entry forcibly.
- `last_name` (String) The last name of the locally-authenticated user.
- `name` (String) Object name.
- `password` (String) The system user password.
- `password_encryption_type` (String) Password Encryption Type.
- `password_hash` (String) Generate password hash for clear text password.
- `phone` (String) The phone number of the locally-authenticated user.
- `roles` (Attributes List) User roles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--roles))
- `shell_type` (String) User Shelltype Access.
- `unix_user_id` (Number) The UNIX identifier of the locally-authenticated user.

<a id="nestedatt--users--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.roles`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the specified attribute.
- `name` (String) Object name.
- `privilege_type` (String) The privilege type for a user role.
