docs/index.md, before:


---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: NXOS"
description: |-
  The NXOS provider provides resources to interact with one or more Cisco NX-OS devices.
---

# NXOS Provider

The NXOS provider provides resources to interact with one or [more](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/nxos/latest/docs/guides/manage_multiple_devices) Cisco NX-OS devices. Each resource or data source maps to a single NX-OS DME object. There are several [Terraform Modules](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/modules?provider=nxos) available which offer a certain level of abstraction and therefore not requiring in-depth knowledge of the DME object model.

It communicates with NX-OS devices via the NX-API REST, which requires the following device configuration.

```
feature nxapi
```

All resources and data sources have been tested with the following releases.

| Platform  | Version |
| --------- | ------- |
| Nexus 9Kv | 10.3(1) |

## Guides

The following guides are available to help you get started with the NXOS provider:

- **[Getting Started](guides/getting_started)** - A simple example demonstrating how to configure system settings, enable features, and create interfaces and VRFs
- **[Manage Multiple Devices](guides/manage_multiple_devices)** - Learn how to manage multiple NX-OS devices using provider aliases or the single-provider approach with device-level management control
- **[Selective Deploy](guides/selective_deploy)** - Deploy configurations to a subset of devices while keeping others in a "frozen" state for staged rollouts and maintenance scenarios
- **[Importing Resources](guides/importing_resources)** - Import existing device configurations into Terraform state management
- **[Supported Objects](guides/supported_objects)** - View the complete list of supported NX-OS DME objects
- **[Changelog](guides/changelog)** - Review version history and breaking changes

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "nxos" {
  username = "admin"
  password = "password"
  url      = "https://10.1.1.1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `devices` (Attributes List) This can be used to manage a list of devices from a single provider. All devices must use the same credentials. Each resource and data source has an optional attribute named `device`, which can then select a device by its name from this list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--devices))
- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure HTTPS client. This can also be set as the NXOS_INSECURE environment variable. Defaults to `true`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the NX-OS device account. This can also be set as the NXOS_PASSWORD environment variable.
- `retries` (Number) Number of retries for REST API calls. This can also be set as the NXOS_RETRIES environment variable. Defaults to `3`.
- `selected_devices` (List of String) This can be used to select a list of devices to manage from the `devices` list. Selected devices will be managed while other devices will be skipped and their state will be frozen. This can be used to deploy changes to a subset of devices. Defaults to all devices.
- `url` (String) URL of the Cisco NX-OS device. This can also be set as the NXOS_URL environment variable. If no URL is provided, the URL of the first device from the `devices` list is being used.
- `username` (String) Username for the NX-OS device account. This can also be set as the NXOS_USERNAME environment variable.

<a id="nestedatt--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `devices`

Required:

- `name` (String) Device name.
- `url` (String) URL of the Cisco NX-OS device.

Optional:

- `managed` (Boolean) Enable or disable device management. This can be used to temporarily skip a device due to maintainance for example. Defaults to `true`.

Commit message:

Add bridge domains bulk resource (#366)

docs/index.md, after:


---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: NXOS"
description: |-
  The NXOS provider provides resources to interact with one or more Cisco NX-OS devices.
---

# NXOS Provider

The NXOS provider provides resources to interact with one or [more](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/nxos/latest/docs/guides/manage_multiple_devices) Cisco NX-OS devices. Each resource or data source maps to a single NX-OS DME object. There are several [Terraform Modules](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/modules?provider=nxos) available which offer a certain level of abstraction and therefore not requiring in-depth knowledge of the DME object model.

It communicates with NX-OS devices via the NX-API REST, which requires the following device configuration.

```
feature nxapi
```

All resources and data sources have been tested with the following releases.

| Platform  | Version |
| --------- | ------- |
| Nexus 9Kv | 10.3(1) |

## Guides

The following guides are available to help you get started with the NXOS provider:

- **[Getting Started](guides/getting_started)** - A simple example demonstrating how to configure system settings, enable features, and create interfaces and VRFs
- **[Manage Multiple Devices](guides/manage_multiple_devices)** - Learn how to manage multiple NX-OS devices using provider aliases or the single-provider approach with device-level management control
- **[Selective Deploy](guides/selective_deploy)** - Deploy configurations to a subset of devices while keeping others in a "frozen" state for staged rollouts and maintenance scenarios
- **[Bulk Resources](guides/bulk_resources)** - Manage multiple objects of the same type in a single resource block for improved efficiency
- **[Importing Resources](guides/importing_resources)** - Import existing device configurations into Terraform state management
- **[Supported Objects](guides/supported_objects)** - View the complete list of supported NX-OS DME objects
- **[Changelog](guides/changelog)** - Review version history and breaking changes

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "nxos" {
  username = "admin"
  password = "password"
  url      = "https://10.1.1.1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `devices` (Attributes List) This can be used to manage a list of devices from a single provider. All devices must use the same credentials. Each resource and data source has an optional attribute named `device`, which can then select a device by its name from this list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--devices))
- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure HTTPS client. This can also be set as the NXOS_INSECURE environment variable. Defaults to `true`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the NX-OS device account. This can also be set as the NXOS_PASSWORD environment variable.
- `retries` (Number) Number of retries for REST API calls. This can also be set as the NXOS_RETRIES environment variable. Defaults to `3`.
- `selected_devices` (List of String) This can be used to select a list of devices to manage from the `devices` list. Selected devices will be managed while other devices will be skipped and their state will be frozen. This can be used to deploy changes to a subset of devices. Defaults to all devices.
- `url` (String) URL of the Cisco NX-OS device. This can also be set as the NXOS_URL environment variable. If no URL is provided, the URL of the first device from the `devices` list is being used.
- `username` (String) Username for the NX-OS device account. This can also be set as the NXOS_USERNAME environment variable.

<a id="nestedatt--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `devices`

Required:

- `name` (String) Device name.
- `url` (String) URL of the Cisco NX-OS device.

Optional:

- `managed` (Boolean) Enable or disable device management. This can be used to temporarily skip a device due to maintainance for example. Defaults to `true`.
