docs/resources/access_lists.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_access_lists Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Access Lists configuration.
  API Documentation: aclEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Entity/
  Additional API Documentation
  ipv4aclAF https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:AF/ipv4aclACL https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:ACL/ipv4aclACE https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:ACE/aclPolicy https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Policy/aclIngress https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Ingress/aclIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:If/aclInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Inst/aclEgress https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Egress/aclIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:If/aclInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Inst/
---

# nxos_access_lists (Resource)

This resource can manage the Access Lists configuration.

- API Documentation: [aclEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Entity/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [ipv4aclAF](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:AF/)
- [ipv4aclACL](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:ACL/)
- [ipv4aclACE](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:ACE/)
- [aclPolicy](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Policy/)
- [aclIngress](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Ingress/)
- [aclIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:If/)
- [aclInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Inst/)
- [aclEgress](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Egress/)
- [aclIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:If/)
- [aclInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Inst/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_access_lists" "example" {
  access_lists = [{
    name = "ACL1"
    entries = [{
      sequence_number           = 10
      ack                       = false
      action                    = "permit"
      dscp                      = 0
      destination_address_group = "AG1"
      destination_port_1        = "443"
      destination_port_2        = "0"
      destination_port_group    = "PG1"
      destination_port_mask     = "0"
      destination_port_operator = "eq"
      destination_prefix        = "10.1.1.0"
      destination_prefix_length = "24"
      destination_prefix_mask   = "255.255.255.0"
      established               = false
      fin                       = false
      fragment                  = false
      http_option_type          = "invalid"
      icmp_code                 = 0
      icmp_type                 = 0
      log                       = false
      packet_length_1           = "19"
      packet_length_2           = "9210"
      packet_length_operator    = "range"
      precedence                = "0"
      protocol                  = "tcp"
      protocol_mask             = "tcp"
      psh                       = false
      redirect                  = "RD"
      remark                    = "Line1"
      rev                       = false
      rst                       = false
      source_address_group      = "AG2"
      source_port_1             = "443"
      source_port_2             = "0"
      source_port_group         = "PG2"
      source_port_mask          = "0"
      source_port_operator      = "eq"
      source_prefix             = "20.1.0.0"
      source_prefix_length      = "16"
      source_prefix_mask        = "255.255.0.0"
      syn                       = false
      time_range                = "TR1"
      ttl                       = 0
      urg                       = false
      vlan                      = 4095
      vni                       = "invalid"
    }]
  }]
  ingress_interfaces = [{
    interface_id     = "eth1/10"
    access_list_name = "ACL1"
  }]
  egress_interfaces = [{
    interface_id     = "eth1/10"
    access_list_name = "ACL1"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_lists` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 Access Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_lists))
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- `egress_interfaces` (Attributes List) List of interfaces with IPv4 egress access list policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress_interfaces))
- `ingress_interfaces` (Attributes List) List of interfaces with IPv4 ingress access list policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingress_interfaces))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_lists`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of Access lists.

Optional:

- `entries` (Attributes List) Access list entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_lists--entries))

<a id="nestedatt--access_lists--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_lists.entries`

Required:

- `sequence_number` (Number) Sequence number.
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`

Optional:

- `ack` (Boolean) TCP ACK flag.
- `action` (String) Specify packets to forward or reject.
  - Choices: `invalid`, `permit`, `deny`
- `destination_address_group` (String) Destination address group.
- `destination_port_1` (String) First destination port number.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `destination_port_2` (String) Second destination port number.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `destination_port_group` (String) Destination port group.
- `destination_port_mask` (String) Destination Port Mask.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `destination_port_operator` (String) Destination port operator.
  - Choices: `none`, `lt`, `gt`, `eq`, `neq`, `range`
- `destination_prefix` (String) Destination IPv4 prefix.
- `destination_prefix_length` (String) Destination IPv4 prefix length.
- `destination_prefix_mask` (String) Destination IPv4 prefix mask.
- `dscp` (Number) Match DSCP.
  - Range: `0`-`63`
- `established` (Boolean) TCP EST flag.
- `fin` (Boolean) TCP FIN flag.
- `fragment` (Boolean) Non-initial fragment.
- `http_option_type` (String) HTTP option method.
  - Choices: `invalid`, `get`, `put`, `head`, `post`, `delete`, `trace`, `connect`
- `icmp_code` (Number) ICMP code.
  - Range: `0`-`256`
- `icmp_type` (Number) ICMP type.
  - Range: `0`-`256`
- `log` (Boolean) Log matches against ACL entry.
- `packet_length_1` (String) First packet length. Either `invalid` or a number between 19 and 9210.
- `packet_length_2` (String) Second packet length. Either `invalid` or a number between 19 and 9210.
- `packet_length_operator` (String) Packet length operator.
  - Choices: `none`, `lt`, `gt`, `eq`, `neq`, `range`
- `precedence` (String) IPv4 precedence. Either `unspecified` or a number between 0 and 7.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for access-list entry.
  - Choices: `ip`, `icmp`, `igmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, `gre`, `esp`, `ahp`, `eigrp`, `ospf`, `nos`, `pim`, `pcp`, `ethertype`, `udf`
- `protocol_mask` (String) Defines the Protocol Mask.
  - Choices: `ip`, `icmp`, `igmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, `gre`, `esp`, `ahp`, `eigrp`, `ospf`, `nos`, `pim`, `pcp`, `ethertype`, `udf`
- `psh` (Boolean) TCP PSH flag.
- `redirect` (String) Redirect action.
- `remark` (String) Access-list entry comment.
- `rev` (Boolean) TCP reversed flag.
- `rst` (Boolean) TCP RST flag.
- `source_address_group` (String) Source address group.
- `source_port_1` (String) First source port.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `source_port_2` (String) Second source port.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `source_port_group` (String) Source port group.
- `source_port_mask` (String) Defines the Source Port Mask.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `source_port_operator` (String) Source port operator.
  - Choices: `none`, `lt`, `gt`, `eq`, `neq`, `range`
- `source_prefix` (String) Source IPv4 prefix.
- `source_prefix_length` (String) Source IPv4 prefix length.
- `source_prefix_mask` (String) Source IPv4 prefix mask.
- `syn` (Boolean) TCP SYN flag.
- `time_range` (String) Time range name.
- `ttl` (Number) TTL Operator.
  - Range: `0`-`255`
- `urg` (Boolean) TCP URG flag.
- `vlan` (Number) VLAN ID.
  - Range: `0`-`4095`
- `vni` (String) NVE VNI ID. Either `invalid` or a number between 0 and 16777216.



<a id="nestedatt--egress_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_interfaces`

Required:

- `interface_id` (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

Optional:

- `access_list_name` (String) Access Control List name.


<a id="nestedatt--ingress_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingress_interfaces`

Required:

- `interface_id` (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

Optional:

- `access_list_name` (String) Access Control List name.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = nxos_access_lists.example
  identity = {
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema


#### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = nxos_access_lists.example
  id = ""
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import nxos_access_lists.example ""
```

Commit message:

Update resource and data source descriptions

docs/resources/access_lists.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_access_lists Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  This resource can manage IPv4 access control lists (ACLs) on NX-OS devices, including ACL entries with match criteria such as source/destination prefixes, ports, protocols, and TCP flags. It also supports applying ACLs to interfaces in ingress or egress direction.
  API Documentation: aclEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Entity/
  Additional API Documentation
  ipv4aclAF https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:AF/ipv4aclACL https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:ACL/ipv4aclACE https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:ACE/aclPolicy https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Policy/aclIngress https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Ingress/aclIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:If/aclInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Inst/aclEgress https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Egress/aclIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:If/aclInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Inst/
---

# nxos_access_lists (Resource)

This resource can manage IPv4 access control lists (ACLs) on NX-OS devices, including ACL entries with match criteria such as source/destination prefixes, ports, protocols, and TCP flags. It also supports applying ACLs to interfaces in ingress or egress direction.

- API Documentation: [aclEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Entity/)

### Additional API Documentation

- [ipv4aclAF](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:AF/)
- [ipv4aclACL](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:ACL/)
- [ipv4aclACE](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/ipv4acl:ACE/)
- [aclPolicy](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Policy/)
- [aclIngress](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Ingress/)
- [aclIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:If/)
- [aclInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Inst/)
- [aclEgress](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Egress/)
- [aclIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:If/)
- [aclInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Security%20and%20Policing/acl:Inst/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_access_lists" "example" {
  access_lists = [{
    name = "ACL1"
    entries = [{
      sequence_number           = 10
      ack                       = false
      action                    = "permit"
      dscp                      = 0
      destination_address_group = "AG1"
      destination_port_1        = "443"
      destination_port_2        = "0"
      destination_port_group    = "PG1"
      destination_port_mask     = "0"
      destination_port_operator = "eq"
      destination_prefix        = "10.1.1.0"
      destination_prefix_length = "24"
      destination_prefix_mask   = "255.255.255.0"
      established               = false
      fin                       = false
      fragment                  = false
      http_option_type          = "invalid"
      icmp_code                 = 0
      icmp_type                 = 0
      log                       = false
      packet_length_1           = "19"
      packet_length_2           = "9210"
      packet_length_operator    = "range"
      precedence                = "0"
      protocol                  = "tcp"
      protocol_mask             = "tcp"
      psh                       = false
      redirect                  = "RD"
      remark                    = "Line1"
      rev                       = false
      rst                       = false
      source_address_group      = "AG2"
      source_port_1             = "443"
      source_port_2             = "0"
      source_port_group         = "PG2"
      source_port_mask          = "0"
      source_port_operator      = "eq"
      source_prefix             = "20.1.0.0"
      source_prefix_length      = "16"
      source_prefix_mask        = "255.255.0.0"
      syn                       = false
      time_range                = "TR1"
      ttl                       = 0
      urg                       = false
      vlan                      = 4095
      vni                       = "invalid"
    }]
  }]
  ingress_interfaces = [{
    interface_id     = "eth1/10"
    access_list_name = "ACL1"
  }]
  egress_interfaces = [{
    interface_id     = "eth1/10"
    access_list_name = "ACL1"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_lists` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 Access Lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_lists))
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- `egress_interfaces` (Attributes List) List of interfaces with IPv4 egress access list policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress_interfaces))
- `ingress_interfaces` (Attributes List) List of interfaces with IPv4 ingress access list policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingress_interfaces))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_lists`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of Access lists.

Optional:

- `entries` (Attributes List) Access list entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_lists--entries))

<a id="nestedatt--access_lists--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_lists.entries`

Required:

- `sequence_number` (Number) Sequence number.
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`

Optional:

- `ack` (Boolean) TCP ACK flag.
- `action` (String) Specify packets to forward or reject.
  - Choices: `invalid`, `permit`, `deny`
- `destination_address_group` (String) Destination address group.
- `destination_port_1` (String) First destination port number.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `destination_port_2` (String) Second destination port number.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `destination_port_group` (String) Destination port group.
- `destination_port_mask` (String) Destination Port Mask.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `destination_port_operator` (String) Destination port operator.
  - Choices: `none`, `lt`, `gt`, `eq`, `neq`, `range`
- `destination_prefix` (String) Destination IPv4 prefix.
- `destination_prefix_length` (String) Destination IPv4 prefix length.
- `destination_prefix_mask` (String) Destination IPv4 prefix mask.
- `dscp` (Number) Match DSCP.
  - Range: `0`-`63`
- `established` (Boolean) TCP EST flag.
- `fin` (Boolean) TCP FIN flag.
- `fragment` (Boolean) Non-initial fragment.
- `http_option_type` (String) HTTP option method.
  - Choices: `invalid`, `get`, `put`, `head`, `post`, `delete`, `trace`, `connect`
- `icmp_code` (Number) ICMP code.
  - Range: `0`-`256`
- `icmp_type` (Number) ICMP type.
  - Range: `0`-`256`
- `log` (Boolean) Log matches against ACL entry.
- `packet_length_1` (String) First packet length. Either `invalid` or a number between 19 and 9210.
- `packet_length_2` (String) Second packet length. Either `invalid` or a number between 19 and 9210.
- `packet_length_operator` (String) Packet length operator.
  - Choices: `none`, `lt`, `gt`, `eq`, `neq`, `range`
- `precedence` (String) IPv4 precedence. Either `unspecified` or a number between 0 and 7.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for access-list entry.
  - Choices: `ip`, `icmp`, `igmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, `gre`, `esp`, `ahp`, `eigrp`, `ospf`, `nos`, `pim`, `pcp`, `ethertype`, `udf`
- `protocol_mask` (String) Defines the Protocol Mask.
  - Choices: `ip`, `icmp`, `igmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, `gre`, `esp`, `ahp`, `eigrp`, `ospf`, `nos`, `pim`, `pcp`, `ethertype`, `udf`
- `psh` (Boolean) TCP PSH flag.
- `redirect` (String) Redirect action.
- `remark` (String) Access-list entry comment.
- `rev` (Boolean) TCP reversed flag.
- `rst` (Boolean) TCP RST flag.
- `source_address_group` (String) Source address group.
- `source_port_1` (String) First source port.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `source_port_2` (String) Second source port.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `source_port_group` (String) Source port group.
- `source_port_mask` (String) Defines the Source Port Mask.
  - Choices: `echo`, `discard`, `daytime`, `chargen`, `ftp-data`, `ftp`, `telnet`, `smtp`, `time`, `nameserver`, `whois`, `tacacs`, `domain`, `bootps`, `bootpc`, `tftp`, `gopher`, `finger`, `www`, `hostname`, `pop2`, `pop3`, `sunrpc`, `ident`, `nntp`, `ntp`, `netbios-ns`, `netbios-dgm`, `netbios-ss`, `snmp`, `snmptrap`, `xdmcp`, `bgp`, `irc`, `dnsix`, `mobile-ip`, `pim-auto-rp`, `isakmp`, `biff`, `exec`, `who`, `login`, `syslog`, `cmd`, `lpd`, `talk`, `rip`, `uucp`, `klogin`, `kshell`, `drip`, `non500-isakmp`
- `source_port_operator` (String) Source port operator.
  - Choices: `none`, `lt`, `gt`, `eq`, `neq`, `range`
- `source_prefix` (String) Source IPv4 prefix.
- `source_prefix_length` (String) Source IPv4 prefix length.
- `source_prefix_mask` (String) Source IPv4 prefix mask.
- `syn` (Boolean) TCP SYN flag.
- `time_range` (String) Time range name.
- `ttl` (Number) TTL Operator.
  - Range: `0`-`255`
- `urg` (Boolean) TCP URG flag.
- `vlan` (Number) VLAN ID.
  - Range: `0`-`4095`
- `vni` (String) NVE VNI ID. Either `invalid` or a number between 0 and 16777216.



<a id="nestedatt--egress_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_interfaces`

Required:

- `interface_id` (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

Optional:

- `access_list_name` (String) Access Control List name.


<a id="nestedatt--ingress_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingress_interfaces`

Required:

- `interface_id` (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

Optional:

- `access_list_name` (String) Access Control List name.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = nxos_access_lists.example
  identity = {
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema


#### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = nxos_access_lists.example
  id = ""
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import nxos_access_lists.example ""
```
