docs/resources/bgp_peer.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_bgp_peer Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "BGP"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the BGP peer configuration.
  API Documentation: bgpPeer https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bgp:Peer/
  Parent resources
  nxosbgpvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_vrf
  Child resources
  nxosbgppeeraddressfamily https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_peer_address_family
  Referenced resources
  nxosbgppeer_template https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_peer_template
---

# nxos_bgp_peer (Resource)

This resource can manage the BGP peer configuration.

- API Documentation: [bgpPeer](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bgp:Peer/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_bgp_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_vrf)

### Child resources

- [nxos_bgp_peer_address_family](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_peer_address_family)

### Referenced resources

- [nxos_bgp_peer_template](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_peer_template)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_bgp_peer" "example" {
  asn              = "65001"
  vrf              = "default"
  address          = "192.168.0.1"
  remote_asn       = "65002"
  description      = "My description"
  peer_template    = "SPINE-PEERS"
  peer_type        = "fabric-internal"
  source_interface = "lo0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) Peer address.
- `asn` (String) Autonomous system number.
- `vrf` (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Peer description.
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- `peer_template` (String) Peer template name.
- `peer_type` (String) Neighbor Fabric Type.
  - Choices: `fabric-internal`, `fabric-external`, `fabric-border-leaf`
  - Default value: `fabric-internal`
- `remote_asn` (String) Peer autonomous system number.
- `source_interface` (String) Source Interface. Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`.
  - Default value: `unspecified`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_bgp_peer.example "sys/bgp/inst/dom-[default]/peer-[192.168.0.1]"
```

Commit message:

Added support for BGP Hold and Keep alive timers

docs/resources/bgp_peer.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_bgp_peer Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "BGP"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the BGP peer configuration.
  API Documentation: bgpPeer https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bgp:Peer/
  Parent resources
  nxosbgpvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_vrf
  Child resources
  nxosbgppeeraddressfamily https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_peer_address_family
  Referenced resources
  nxosbgppeer_template https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_peer_template
---

# nxos_bgp_peer (Resource)

This resource can manage the BGP peer configuration.

- API Documentation: [bgpPeer](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/bgp:Peer/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_bgp_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_vrf)

### Child resources

- [nxos_bgp_peer_address_family](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_peer_address_family)

### Referenced resources

- [nxos_bgp_peer_template](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/bgp_peer_template)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_bgp_peer" "example" {
  asn              = "65001"
  vrf              = "default"
  address          = "192.168.0.1"
  remote_asn       = "65002"
  description      = "My description"
  peer_template    = "SPINE-PEERS"
  peer_type        = "fabric-internal"
  source_interface = "lo0"
  hold_time        = 5
  keep_alive       = 15
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) Peer address.
- `asn` (String) Autonomous system number.
- `vrf` (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Peer description.
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- `hold_time` (Number) BGP Hold Timer in seconds. Valid values are 3-3600, and must be greater than the keep alive timer
  - Default value: `180`
- `keep_alive` (Number) BGP Keep Alive Timer in seconds. Valid values are 0-3600.
  - Default value: `60`
- `peer_template` (String) Peer template name.
- `peer_type` (String) Neighbor Fabric Type.
  - Choices: `fabric-internal`, `fabric-external`, `fabric-border-leaf`
  - Default value: `fabric-internal`
- `remote_asn` (String) Peer autonomous system number.
- `source_interface` (String) Source Interface. Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`.
  - Default value: `unspecified`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_bgp_peer.example "sys/bgp/inst/dom-[default]/peer-[192.168.0.1]"
```
