docs/resources/bridge_domain.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_bridge_domain Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a bridge domain.
  API Documentation: l2BD https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%202/l2:BD/
---

# nxos_bridge_domain (Resource)

This resource can manage a bridge domain.

- API Documentation: [l2BD](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%202/l2:BD/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_bridge_domain" "example" {
  fabric_encap = "vlan-10"
  access_encap = "unknown"
  name         = "VLAN10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **fabric_encap** (String) Fabric encapsulation. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
  - Default value: `unknown`

### Optional

- **access_encap** (String) Access encapsulation. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
  - Default value: `unknown`
- **name** (String) Bridge domain name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_bridge_domain.example "sys/bd/bd-[vlan-10]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/bridge_domain.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_bridge_domain Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a bridge domain.
  API Documentation: l2BD https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%202/l2:BD/
---

# nxos_bridge_domain (Resource)

This resource can manage a bridge domain.

- API Documentation: [l2BD](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%202/l2:BD/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_bridge_domain" "example" {
  fabric_encap = "vlan-10"
  access_encap = "unknown"
  name         = "VLAN10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **fabric_encap** (String) Fabric encapsulation. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
  - Default value: `unknown`

### Optional

- **access_encap** (String) Access encapsulation. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
  - Default value: `unknown`
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **name** (String) Bridge domain name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_bridge_domain.example "sys/bd/bd-[vlan-10]"
```
