docs/resources/default_qos_class_map.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_class_map Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS class map configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosCMapInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:CMapInst/
  Child resources
  nxosdefaultqosclassmap_dscp https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_class_map_dscp
---

# nxos_default_qos_class_map (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS class map configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosCMapInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:CMapInst/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_class_map_dscp)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_class_map" "example" {
  name       = "Voice"
  match_type = "match-any"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Class map name.

### Optional

- **match_type** (String) Match type.
  - Default value: `match-all`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_class_map.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/c/name-[Voice]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/default_qos_class_map.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_class_map Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS class map configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosCMapInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:CMapInst/
  Child resources
  nxosdefaultqosclassmap_dscp https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_class_map_dscp
---

# nxos_default_qos_class_map (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS class map configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosCMapInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:CMapInst/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_class_map_dscp)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_class_map" "example" {
  name       = "Voice"
  match_type = "match-any"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Class map name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **match_type** (String) Match type.
  - Default value: `match-all`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_class_map.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/c/name-[Voice]"
```
