docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS policy map match class map police configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosPolice https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Police/
  Parent resources
  nxosdefaultqospolicymapmatchclass_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS policy map match class map police configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosPolice](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Police/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police" "example" {
  policy_map_name        = "PM1"
  class_map_name         = "Voice"
  bc_rate                = 200
  bc_unit                = "mbytes"
  be_rate                = 200
  be_unit                = "mbytes"
  cir_rate               = 10000
  cir_unit               = "mbps"
  conform_action         = "transmit"
  conform_set_cos        = 0
  conform_set_dscp       = 0
  conform_set_precedence = "routine"
  conform_set_qos_group  = 0
  exceed_action          = "transmit"
  exceed_set_cos         = 0
  exceed_set_dscp        = 0
  exceed_set_precedence  = "routine"
  exceed_set_qos_group   = 0
  pir_rate               = 10000
  pir_unit               = "mbps"
  violate_action         = "drop"
  violate_set_cos        = 0
  violate_set_dscp       = 0
  violate_set_precedence = "routine"
  violate_set_qos_group  = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **cir_rate** (Number) CIR rate.
  - Range: `0`-`100000000000`
  - Default value: `0`
- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Optional

- **bc_rate** (Number) CIR burst rate.
  - Range: `0`-`536870912`
  - Default value: `200`
- **bc_unit** (String) CIR burst rate unit.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `bytes`, `kbytes`, `mbytes`, `ms`, `us`, `packets`
  - Default value: `ms`
- **be_rate** (Number) PIR burst rate.
  - Range: `0`-`536870912`
  - Default value: `0`
- **be_unit** (String) PIR burst rate unit.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `bytes`, `kbytes`, `mbytes`, `ms`, `us`, `packets`
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **cir_unit** (String) CIR rate unit.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `bps`, `kbps`, `mbps`, `gbps`, `pps`, `pct`
  - Default value: `bps`
- **conform_action** (String) Conform action.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `transmit`, `drop`, `set-cos-transmit`, `set-dscp-transmit`, `set-prec-transmit`, `set-qos-transmit`
  - Default value: `transmit`
- **conform_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for conforming traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **conform_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for conforming traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`63`
  - Default value: `0`
- **conform_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for conforming traffic.
  - Choices: `routine`, `priority`, `immediate`, `flash`, `flash-override`, `critical`, `internet`, `network`
  - Default value: `routine`
- **conform_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for conforming traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **exceed_action** (String) Exceed action.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `transmit`, `drop`, `set-cos-transmit`, `set-dscp-transmit`, `set-prec-transmit`, `set-qos-transmit`
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **exceed_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for exceeding traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **exceed_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for exceeding traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`63`
  - Default value: `0`
- **exceed_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for exceeding traffic.
  - Choices: `routine`, `priority`, `immediate`, `flash`, `flash-override`, `critical`, `internet`, `network`
  - Default value: `routine`
- **exceed_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for exceeding traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **pir_rate** (Number) PIR rate.
  - Range: `0`-`100000000000`
  - Default value: `0`
- **pir_unit** (String) PIR rate unit.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `bps`, `kbps`, `mbps`, `gbps`, `pps`, `pct`
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **violate_action** (String) Violate action.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `transmit`, `drop`, `set-cos-transmit`, `set-dscp-transmit`, `set-prec-transmit`, `set-qos-transmit`
  - Default value: `drop`
- **violate_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for violating traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **violate_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for violating traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`63`
  - Default value: `0`
- **violate_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for violating traffic.
  - Choices: `routine`, `priority`, `immediate`, `flash`, `flash-override`, `critical`, `internet`, `network`
  - Default value: `routine`
- **violate_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for violating traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/p/name-[PM1]/cmap-[Voice]/police"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS policy map match class map police configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosPolice https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Police/
  Parent resources
  nxosdefaultqospolicymapmatchclass_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS policy map match class map police configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosPolice](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Police/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police" "example" {
  policy_map_name        = "PM1"
  class_map_name         = "Voice"
  bc_rate                = 200
  bc_unit                = "mbytes"
  be_rate                = 200
  be_unit                = "mbytes"
  cir_rate               = 10000
  cir_unit               = "mbps"
  conform_action         = "transmit"
  conform_set_cos        = 0
  conform_set_dscp       = 0
  conform_set_precedence = "routine"
  conform_set_qos_group  = 0
  exceed_action          = "transmit"
  exceed_set_cos         = 0
  exceed_set_dscp        = 0
  exceed_set_precedence  = "routine"
  exceed_set_qos_group   = 0
  pir_rate               = 10000
  pir_unit               = "mbps"
  violate_action         = "drop"
  violate_set_cos        = 0
  violate_set_dscp       = 0
  violate_set_precedence = "routine"
  violate_set_qos_group  = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **cir_rate** (Number) CIR rate.
  - Range: `0`-`100000000000`
  - Default value: `0`
- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Optional

- **bc_rate** (Number) CIR burst rate.
  - Range: `0`-`536870912`
  - Default value: `200`
- **bc_unit** (String) CIR burst rate unit.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `bytes`, `kbytes`, `mbytes`, `ms`, `us`, `packets`
  - Default value: `ms`
- **be_rate** (Number) PIR burst rate.
  - Range: `0`-`536870912`
  - Default value: `0`
- **be_unit** (String) PIR burst rate unit.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `bytes`, `kbytes`, `mbytes`, `ms`, `us`, `packets`
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **cir_unit** (String) CIR rate unit.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `bps`, `kbps`, `mbps`, `gbps`, `pps`, `pct`
  - Default value: `bps`
- **conform_action** (String) Conform action.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `transmit`, `drop`, `set-cos-transmit`, `set-dscp-transmit`, `set-prec-transmit`, `set-qos-transmit`
  - Default value: `transmit`
- **conform_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for conforming traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **conform_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for conforming traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`63`
  - Default value: `0`
- **conform_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for conforming traffic.
  - Choices: `routine`, `priority`, `immediate`, `flash`, `flash-override`, `critical`, `internet`, `network`
  - Default value: `routine`
- **conform_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for conforming traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **exceed_action** (String) Exceed action.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `transmit`, `drop`, `set-cos-transmit`, `set-dscp-transmit`, `set-prec-transmit`, `set-qos-transmit`
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **exceed_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for exceeding traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **exceed_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for exceeding traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`63`
  - Default value: `0`
- **exceed_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for exceeding traffic.
  - Choices: `routine`, `priority`, `immediate`, `flash`, `flash-override`, `critical`, `internet`, `network`
  - Default value: `routine`
- **exceed_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for exceeding traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **pir_rate** (Number) PIR rate.
  - Range: `0`-`100000000000`
  - Default value: `0`
- **pir_unit** (String) PIR rate unit.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `bps`, `kbps`, `mbps`, `gbps`, `pps`, `pct`
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **violate_action** (String) Violate action.
  - Choices: `unspecified`, `transmit`, `drop`, `set-cos-transmit`, `set-dscp-transmit`, `set-prec-transmit`, `set-qos-transmit`
  - Default value: `drop`
- **violate_set_cos** (Number) Set CoS for violating traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`
- **violate_set_dscp** (Number) Set DSCP for violating traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`63`
  - Default value: `0`
- **violate_set_precedence** (String) Set precedence for violating traffic.
  - Choices: `routine`, `priority`, `immediate`, `flash`, `flash-override`, `critical`, `internet`, `network`
  - Default value: `routine`
- **violate_set_qos_group** (Number) Set qos-group for violating traffic.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_police.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/p/name-[PM1]/cmap-[Voice]/police"
```
