docs/resources/default_qos_class_map_dscp.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS class map DSCP configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosDscp https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Dscp/
  Parent resources
  nxosdefaultqosclassmap https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_class_map
---

# nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS class map DSCP configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosDscp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Dscp/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_default_qos_class_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_class_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp" "example" {
  class_map_name = "Voice"
  value          = "ef"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **value** (String) DSCP value.
  - Default value: `0`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/c/name-[Voice]/dscp-[ef]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/default_qos_class_map_dscp.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS class map DSCP configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosDscp https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Dscp/
  Parent resources
  nxosdefaultqosclassmap https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_class_map
---

# nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS class map DSCP configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosDscp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Dscp/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_default_qos_class_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_class_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp" "example" {
  class_map_name = "Voice"
  value          = "ef"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **value** (String) DSCP value.
  - Default value: `0`

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_class_map_dscp.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/c/name-[Voice]/dscp-[ef]"
```
