docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS policy map match class map set QoS group configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosSetQoSGrp https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetQoSGrp/
  Parent resources
  nxosdefaultqospolicymapmatchclass_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS policy map match class map set QoS group configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosSetQoSGrp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetQoSGrp/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "Voice"
  qos_group_id    = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Optional

- **qos_group_id** (Number) QoS group ID.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/p/name-[PM1]/cmap-[Voice]/setGrp"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS policy map match class map set QoS group configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosSetQoSGrp https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetQoSGrp/
  Parent resources
  nxosdefaultqospolicymapmatchclass_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS policy map match class map set QoS group configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosSetQoSGrp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:SetQoSGrp/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "Voice"
  qos_group_id    = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **qos_group_id** (Number) QoS group ID.
  - Range: `0`-`7`
  - Default value: `0`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_set_qos_group.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/p/name-[PM1]/cmap-[Voice]/setGrp"
```
