docs/resources/default_qos_policy_interface_in.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS policy interface in configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:If/
  Child resources
  nxosdefaultqospolicyinterfaceinpolicy_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS policy interface in configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:If/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/policy/in/intf-[eth1/10]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/default_qos_policy_interface_in.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the default QoS policy interface in configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:If/
  Child resources
  nxosdefaultqospolicyinterfaceinpolicy_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map
---

# nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in (Resource)

This resource can manage the default QoS policy interface in configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:If/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/default_qos_policy_interface_in_policy_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_default_qos_policy_interface_in.example "sys/ipqos/dflt/policy/in/intf-[eth1/10]"
```
