docs/resources/dhcp_relay_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_dhcp_relay_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a DHCP relay interface.
  API Documentation: dhcpRelayIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/DHCP/dhcp:RelayIf/
  Child resources
  nxosdhcprelay_address https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/dhcp_relay_address
---

# nxos_dhcp_relay_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage a DHCP relay interface.

- API Documentation: [dhcpRelayIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/DHCP/dhcp:RelayIf/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_dhcp_relay_address](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/dhcp_relay_address)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_dhcp_relay_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_dhcp_relay_interface.example "sys/dhcp/inst/relayif-[eth1/10]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/dhcp_relay_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_dhcp_relay_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a DHCP relay interface.
  API Documentation: dhcpRelayIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/DHCP/dhcp:RelayIf/
  Child resources
  nxosdhcprelay_address https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/dhcp_relay_address
---

# nxos_dhcp_relay_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage a DHCP relay interface.

- API Documentation: [dhcpRelayIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/DHCP/dhcp:RelayIf/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_dhcp_relay_address](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/dhcp_relay_address)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_dhcp_relay_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_dhcp_relay_interface.example "sys/dhcp/inst/relayif-[eth1/10]"
```
