docs/resources/feature_interface_vlan.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_feature_interface_vlan Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Interface VLAN feature configuration.
  API Documentation: fmInterfaceVlan https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Feature%20Management/fm:InterfaceVlan/
---

# nxos_feature_interface_vlan (Resource)

This resource can manage the Interface VLAN feature configuration.

- API Documentation: [fmInterfaceVlan](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Feature%20Management/fm:InterfaceVlan/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_feature_interface_vlan" "example" {
  admin_state = "enabled"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_feature_interface_vlan.example "sys/fm/ifvlan"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/feature_interface_vlan.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_feature_interface_vlan Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the Interface VLAN feature configuration.
  API Documentation: fmInterfaceVlan https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Feature%20Management/fm:InterfaceVlan/
---

# nxos_feature_interface_vlan (Resource)

This resource can manage the Interface VLAN feature configuration.

- API Documentation: [fmInterfaceVlan](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Feature%20Management/fm:InterfaceVlan/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_feature_interface_vlan" "example" {
  admin_state = "enabled"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_feature_interface_vlan.example "sys/fm/ifvlan"
```
