docs/resources/ipv4_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ipv4_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage an IPv4 interface.
  API Documentation: ipv4If https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:If/
  Parent resources
  nxosvrfcontainer https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf_container
  Child resources
  nxosipv4interface_address https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ipv4_interface_address
---

# nxos_ipv4_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage an IPv4 interface.

- API Documentation: [ipv4If](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:If/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_vrf_container](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf_container)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ipv4_interface_address](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ipv4_interface_address)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ipv4_interface" "example" {
  vrf          = "default"
  interface_id = "eth1/59"
  unnumbered   = "unspecified"
  urpf         = "disabled"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **unnumbered** (String) IP unnumbered. Reference to interface must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **urpf** (String) URPF (unicast Reverse Path Forwarding).
  - Choices: `disabled`, `strict`, `loose`, `loose-allow-default`, `strict-allow-vni-hosts`
  - Default value: `disabled`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ipv4_interface.example "sys/ipv4/inst/dom-[default]/if-[eth1/59]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/ipv4_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ipv4_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage an IPv4 interface.
  API Documentation: ipv4If https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:If/
  Parent resources
  nxosvrfcontainer https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf_container
  Child resources
  nxosipv4interface_address https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ipv4_interface_address
---

# nxos_ipv4_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage an IPv4 interface.

- API Documentation: [ipv4If](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:If/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_vrf_container](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf_container)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ipv4_interface_address](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ipv4_interface_address)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ipv4_interface" "example" {
  vrf          = "default"
  interface_id = "eth1/59"
  unnumbered   = "unspecified"
  urpf         = "disabled"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **unnumbered** (String) IP unnumbered. Reference to interface must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **urpf** (String) URPF (unicast Reverse Path Forwarding).
  - Choices: `disabled`, `strict`, `loose`, `loose-allow-default`, `strict-allow-vni-hosts`
  - Default value: `disabled`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ipv4_interface.example "sys/ipv4/inst/dom-[default]/if-[eth1/59]"
```
