docs/resources/isis_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_isis_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "ISIS"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the IS-IS interface configuration.
  API Documentation: isisInternalIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:InternalIf/
  Parent resources
  nxos_isis https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/nxos/latest/docs/resources/isis
---

# nxos_isis_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage the IS-IS interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [isisInternalIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:InternalIf/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_isis](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/nxos/latest/docs/resources/isis)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_isis_interface" "example" {
  interface_id            = "eth1/10"
  authentication_check    = false
  authentication_check_l1 = false
  authentication_check_l2 = false
  authentication_key      = ""
  authentication_key_l1   = ""
  authentication_key_l2   = ""
  authentication_type     = "unknown"
  authentication_type_l1  = "unknown"
  authentication_type_l2  = "unknown"
  circuit_type            = "l2"
  vrf                     = "default"
  hello_interval          = 20
  hello_interval_l1       = 20
  hello_interval_l2       = 20
  hello_multiplier        = 4
  hello_multiplier_l1     = 4
  hello_multiplier_l2     = 4
  hello_padding           = "never"
  metric_l1               = 1000
  metric_l2               = 1000
  mtu_check               = true
  mtu_check_l1            = true
  mtu_check_l2            = true
  network_type_p2p        = "on"
  passive                 = "l1"
  priority_l1             = 80
  priority_l2             = 80
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface_id` (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Optional

- `authentication_check` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS without specific level.
  - Default value: `true`
- `authentication_check_l1` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-1.
  - Default value: `true`
- `authentication_check_l2` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-2.
  - Default value: `true`
- `authentication_key` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS without specific level.
- `authentication_key_l1` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-1.
- `authentication_key_l2` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-2.
- `authentication_type` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type without specific level.
  - Choices: `clear`, `md5`, `unknown`
  - Default value: `unknown`
- `authentication_type_l1` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-1.
  - Choices: `clear`, `md5`, `unknown`
  - Default value: `unknown`
- `authentication_type_l2` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-2.
  - Choices: `clear`, `md5`, `unknown`
  - Default value: `unknown`
- `circuit_type` (String) Circuit type.
  - Choices: `l1`, `l2`, `l12`
  - Default value: `l12`
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- `hello_interval` (Number) Hello interval.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- `hello_interval_l1` (Number) Hello interval Level-1.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- `hello_interval_l2` (Number) Hello interval Level-2.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- `hello_multiplier` (Number) Hello multiplier.
  - Range: `3`-`1000`
  - Default value: `3`
- `hello_multiplier_l1` (Number) Hello multiplier Level-1.
  - Range: `3`-`1000`
  - Default value: `3`
- `hello_multiplier_l2` (Number) Hello multiplier Level-2.
  - Range: `3`-`1000`
  - Default value: `3`
- `hello_padding` (String) Hello padding.
  - Choices: `always`, `transient`, `never`
  - Default value: `always`
- `metric_l1` (Number) Interface metric Level-1.
  - Range: `0`-`16777216`
  - Default value: `16777216`
- `metric_l2` (Number) Interface metric Level-2.
  - Range: `0`-`16777216`
  - Default value: `16777216`
- `mtu_check` (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS without specific level.
  - Default value: `false`
- `mtu_check_l1` (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS on Level-1.
  - Default value: `false`
- `mtu_check_l2` (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS on Level-2.
  - Default value: `false`
- `network_type_p2p` (String) Enabling Point-to-Point Network Type on IS-IS Interface.
  - Choices: `off`, `on`, `useAllISMac`
  - Default value: `off`
- `passive` (String) IS-IS Passive Interface Info.
  - Choices: `l1`, `l2`, `l12`, `noL1`, `noL2`, `noL12`, `inheritDef`
  - Default value: `inheritDef`
- `priority_l1` (Number) Circuit priority.
  - Range: `0`-`127`
  - Default value: `64`
- `priority_l2` (Number) Circuit priority.
  - Range: `0`-`127`
  - Default value: `64`
- `vrf` (String) VRF.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_isis_interface.example "sys/isis/if-[eth1/10]"
```

Commit message:

Add attributes to isis interface resource (#219)

docs/resources/isis_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_isis_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "ISIS"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the IS-IS interface configuration.
  API Documentation: isisInternalIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:InternalIf/
  Parent resources
  nxos_isis https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/nxos/latest/docs/resources/isis
---

# nxos_isis_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage the IS-IS interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [isisInternalIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/isis:InternalIf/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_isis](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/nxos/latest/docs/resources/isis)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_isis_interface" "example" {
  interface_id            = "eth1/10"
  authentication_check    = false
  authentication_check_l1 = false
  authentication_check_l2 = false
  authentication_key      = ""
  authentication_key_l1   = ""
  authentication_key_l2   = ""
  authentication_type     = "unknown"
  authentication_type_l1  = "unknown"
  authentication_type_l2  = "unknown"
  circuit_type            = "l2"
  vrf                     = "default"
  hello_interval          = 20
  hello_interval_l1       = 20
  hello_interval_l2       = 20
  hello_multiplier        = 4
  hello_multiplier_l1     = 4
  hello_multiplier_l2     = 4
  hello_padding           = "never"
  instance_name           = "ISIS1"
  metric_l1               = 1000
  metric_l2               = 1000
  mtu_check               = true
  mtu_check_l1            = true
  mtu_check_l2            = true
  network_type_p2p        = "on"
  passive                 = "l1"
  priority_l1             = 80
  priority_l2             = 80
  enable_ipv4             = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface_id` (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Optional

- `authentication_check` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS without specific level.
  - Default value: `true`
- `authentication_check_l1` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-1.
  - Default value: `true`
- `authentication_check_l2` (Boolean) Authentication Check for ISIS on Level-2.
  - Default value: `true`
- `authentication_key` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS without specific level.
- `authentication_key_l1` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-1.
- `authentication_key_l2` (String) Authentication Key for IS-IS on Level-2.
- `authentication_type` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type without specific level.
  - Choices: `clear`, `md5`, `unknown`
  - Default value: `unknown`
- `authentication_type_l1` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-1.
  - Choices: `clear`, `md5`, `unknown`
  - Default value: `unknown`
- `authentication_type_l2` (String) IS-IS Authentication-Type for Level-2.
  - Choices: `clear`, `md5`, `unknown`
  - Default value: `unknown`
- `circuit_type` (String) Circuit type.
  - Choices: `l1`, `l2`, `l12`
  - Default value: `l12`
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- `enable_ipv4` (Boolean) Enabling ISIS router tag on Interface's IPV4 family.
  - Default value: `false`
- `hello_interval` (Number) Hello interval.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- `hello_interval_l1` (Number) Hello interval Level-1.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- `hello_interval_l2` (Number) Hello interval Level-2.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- `hello_multiplier` (Number) Hello multiplier.
  - Range: `3`-`1000`
  - Default value: `3`
- `hello_multiplier_l1` (Number) Hello multiplier Level-1.
  - Range: `3`-`1000`
  - Default value: `3`
- `hello_multiplier_l2` (Number) Hello multiplier Level-2.
  - Range: `3`-`1000`
  - Default value: `3`
- `hello_padding` (String) Hello padding.
  - Choices: `always`, `transient`, `never`
  - Default value: `always`
- `instance_name` (String) Instance to which the interface belongs to.
- `metric_l1` (Number) Interface metric Level-1.
  - Range: `0`-`16777216`
  - Default value: `16777216`
- `metric_l2` (Number) Interface metric Level-2.
  - Range: `0`-`16777216`
  - Default value: `16777216`
- `mtu_check` (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS without specific level.
  - Default value: `false`
- `mtu_check_l1` (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS on Level-1.
  - Default value: `false`
- `mtu_check_l2` (Boolean) MTU Check for IS-IS on Level-2.
  - Default value: `false`
- `network_type_p2p` (String) Enabling Point-to-Point Network Type on IS-IS Interface.
  - Choices: `off`, `on`, `useAllISMac`
  - Default value: `off`
- `passive` (String) IS-IS Passive Interface Info.
  - Choices: `l1`, `l2`, `l12`, `noL1`, `noL2`, `noL12`, `inheritDef`
  - Default value: `inheritDef`
- `priority_l1` (Number) Circuit priority.
  - Range: `0`-`127`
  - Default value: `64`
- `priority_l2` (Number) Circuit priority.
  - Range: `0`-`127`
  - Default value: `64`
- `vrf` (String) VRF.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_isis_interface.example "sys/isis/if-[eth1/10]"
```
