docs/resources/loopback_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_loopback_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a loopback interface.
  API Documentation: l3LbRtdIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/l3:LbRtdIf/
  Child resources
  nxosloopbackinterface_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/loopback_interface_vrf
---

# nxos_loopback_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage a loopback interface.

- API Documentation: [l3LbRtdIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/l3:LbRtdIf/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_loopback_interface_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/loopback_interface_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_loopback_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "lo123"
  admin_state  = "down"
  description  = "My Description"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `lo123`.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Choices: `up`, `down`
  - Default value: `up`
- **description** (String) Interface description.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_loopback_interface.example "sys/intf/lb-[lo123]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/loopback_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_loopback_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a loopback interface.
  API Documentation: l3LbRtdIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/l3:LbRtdIf/
  Child resources
  nxosloopbackinterface_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/loopback_interface_vrf
---

# nxos_loopback_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage a loopback interface.

- API Documentation: [l3LbRtdIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/l3:LbRtdIf/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_loopback_interface_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/loopback_interface_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_loopback_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "lo123"
  admin_state  = "down"
  description  = "My Description"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `lo123`.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Choices: `up`, `down`
  - Default value: `up`
- **description** (String) Interface description.
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_loopback_interface.example "sys/intf/lb-[lo123]"
```
