docs/resources/ospf_area.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_area Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the OSPF Area configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfArea https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Area/
  Parent resources
  nxosospfvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_vrf
---

# nxos_ospf_area (Resource)

This resource can manage the OSPF Area configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfArea](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Area/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_ospf_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf_area" "example" {
  instance_name       = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name            = "default"
  area_id             = "0.0.0.10"
  authentication_type = "none"
  cost                = 10
  type                = "stub"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **area_id** (String) Area identifier to which a network or interface belongs in IPv4 address format.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **authentication_type** (String) Authentication type.
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **cost** (Number) Area cost, specifies cost for default summary LSAs. Used with nssa/stub area types.
  - Range: `0`-`16777215`
  - Default value: `1`
- **type** (String) Area type.
  - Default value: `regular`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf_area.example "sys/ospf/inst-[OSPF1]/dom-[default]/area-[0.0.0.10]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/ospf_area.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_area Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the OSPF Area configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfArea https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Area/
  Parent resources
  nxosospfvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_vrf
---

# nxos_ospf_area (Resource)

This resource can manage the OSPF Area configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfArea](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Area/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_ospf_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf_area" "example" {
  instance_name       = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name            = "default"
  area_id             = "0.0.0.10"
  authentication_type = "none"
  cost                = 10
  type                = "stub"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **area_id** (String) Area identifier to which a network or interface belongs in IPv4 address format.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **authentication_type** (String) Authentication type.
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **cost** (Number) Area cost, specifies cost for default summary LSAs. Used with nssa/stub area types.
  - Range: `0`-`16777215`
  - Default value: `1`
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **type** (String) Area type.
  - Default value: `regular`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf_area.example "sys/ospf/inst-[OSPF1]/dom-[default]/area-[0.0.0.10]"
```
