docs/resources/ospf_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the OSPF interface configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:If/
  Parent resources
  nxosospfinterface https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_interface
  Child resources
  nxosospfauthentication https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_authentication
---

# nxos_ospf_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage the OSPF interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:If/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_ospf_interface](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_interface)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ospf_authentication](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_authentication)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf_interface" "example" {
  instance_name         = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name              = "default"
  interface_id          = "eth1/10"
  advertise_secondaries = false
  area                  = "0.0.0.10"
  bfd                   = "disabled"
  cost                  = 1000
  dead_interval         = 60
  hello_interval        = 15
  network_type          = "p2p"
  passive               = "enabled"
  priority              = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **advertise_secondaries** (Boolean) Advertise secondary IP addresses.
  - Default value: `true`
- **area** (String) Area identifier to which a network or interface belongs in IPv4 address format.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **bfd** (String) Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD).
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **cost** (Number) Specifies the cost of interface.
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- **dead_interval** (Number) Dead interval, interval after which router declares that neighbor as down.
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- **hello_interval** (Number) Hello interval, interval between hello packets that OSPF sends on the interface.
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- **network_type** (String) Network type.
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **passive** (String) Passive interface control. Interface can be configured as passive or non-passive.
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **priority** (Number) Priority, used in determining the designated router on this network.
  - Range: `0`-`255`
  - Default value: `1`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf_interface.example "sys/ospf/inst-[OSPF1]/dom-[default]/if-[eth1/10]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/ospf_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the OSPF interface configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:If/
  Parent resources
  nxosospfinterface https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_interface
  Child resources
  nxosospfauthentication https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_authentication
---

# nxos_ospf_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage the OSPF interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:If/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_ospf_interface](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_interface)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ospf_authentication](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_authentication)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf_interface" "example" {
  instance_name         = "OSPF1"
  vrf_name              = "default"
  interface_id          = "eth1/10"
  advertise_secondaries = false
  area                  = "0.0.0.10"
  bfd                   = "disabled"
  cost                  = 1000
  dead_interval         = 60
  hello_interval        = 15
  network_type          = "p2p"
  passive               = "enabled"
  priority              = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **advertise_secondaries** (Boolean) Advertise secondary IP addresses.
  - Default value: `true`
- **area** (String) Area identifier to which a network or interface belongs in IPv4 address format.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **bfd** (String) Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD).
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **cost** (Number) Specifies the cost of interface.
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- **dead_interval** (Number) Dead interval, interval after which router declares that neighbor as down.
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **hello_interval** (Number) Hello interval, interval between hello packets that OSPF sends on the interface.
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- **network_type** (String) Network type.
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **passive** (String) Passive interface control. Interface can be configured as passive or non-passive.
  - Default value: `unspecified`
- **priority** (Number) Priority, used in determining the designated router on this network.
  - Range: `0`-`255`
  - Default value: `1`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf_interface.example "sys/ospf/inst-[OSPF1]/dom-[default]/if-[eth1/10]"
```
