docs/resources/ospf_vrf.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_vrf Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the OSPF VRF configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfDom https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Dom/
  Parent resources
  nxosospfinstance https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_instance
  Child resources
  nxosospfinterface https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_interfacenxosospfarea https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_area
  Referenced resources
  nxos_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf
---

# nxos_ospf_vrf (Resource)

This resource can manage the OSPF VRF configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfDom](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Dom/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_ospf_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_instance)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ospf_interface](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_interface)
- [nxos_ospf_area](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_area)

### Referenced resources

- [nxos_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf_vrf" "example" {
  instance_name           = "OSPF1"
  name                    = "default"
  admin_state             = "enabled"
  bandwidth_reference     = 400000
  banwidth_reference_unit = "mbps"
  distance                = 110
  router_id               = "34.56.78.90"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`
- **bandwidth_reference** (Number) Bandwidth reference value.
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `40000`
- **banwidth_reference_unit** (String) Bandwidth reference unit.
  - Default value: `mbps`
- **distance** (Number) Administrative distance preference.
  - Range: `1`-`255`
  - Default value: `110`
- **router_id** (String) Router ID.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf_vrf.example "sys/ospf/inst-[OSPF1]/dom-[default]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/ospf_vrf.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_vrf Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the OSPF VRF configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfDom https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Dom/
  Parent resources
  nxosospfinstance https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_instance
  Child resources
  nxosospfinterface https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_interfacenxosospfarea https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_area
  Referenced resources
  nxos_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf
---

# nxos_ospf_vrf (Resource)

This resource can manage the OSPF VRF configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfDom](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Dom/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_ospf_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_instance)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ospf_interface](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_interface)
- [nxos_ospf_area](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_area)

### Referenced resources

- [nxos_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf_vrf" "example" {
  instance_name           = "OSPF1"
  name                    = "default"
  admin_state             = "enabled"
  bandwidth_reference     = 400000
  banwidth_reference_unit = "mbps"
  distance                = 110
  router_id               = "34.56.78.90"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **instance_name** (String) OSPF instance name.
- **name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`
- **bandwidth_reference** (Number) Bandwidth reference value.
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `40000`
- **banwidth_reference_unit** (String) Bandwidth reference unit.
  - Default value: `mbps`
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **distance** (Number) Administrative distance preference.
  - Range: `1`-`255`
  - Default value: `110`
- **router_id** (String) Router ID.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf_vrf.example "sys/ospf/inst-[OSPF1]/dom-[default]"
```
