docs/resources/ospf_instance.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_instance Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the OSPF instance configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Inst/
  Parent resources
  nxos_ospf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf
  Child resources
  nxosospfvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_vrf
---

# nxos_ospf_instance (Resource)

This resource can manage the OSPF instance configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Inst/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_ospf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ospf_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf_instance" "example" {
  admin_state = "enabled"
  name        = "OSPF1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) OSPF instance name.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf_instance.example "sys/ospf/inst-[OSPF1]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/ospf_instance.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf_instance Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the OSPF instance configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfInst https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Inst/
  Parent resources
  nxos_ospf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf
  Child resources
  nxosospfvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_vrf
---

# nxos_ospf_instance (Resource)

This resource can manage the OSPF instance configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfInst](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Inst/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_ospf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ospf_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf_instance" "example" {
  admin_state = "enabled"
  name        = "OSPF1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) OSPF instance name.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf_instance.example "sys/ospf/inst-[OSPF1]"
```
