docs/resources/ospf.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the global OSPF configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Entity/
  Child resources
  nxosospfinstance https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_instance
---

# nxos_ospf (Resource)

This resource can manage the global OSPF configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Entity/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ospf_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_instance)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf" "example" {
  admin_state = "enabled"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf.example "sys/ospf"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/ospf.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_ospf Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the global OSPF configuration.
  API Documentation: ospfEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Entity/
  Child resources
  nxosospfinstance https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_instance
---

# nxos_ospf (Resource)

This resource can manage the global OSPF configuration.

- API Documentation: [ospfEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Routing%20and%20Forwarding/ospf:Entity/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ospf_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ospf_instance)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_ospf" "example" {
  admin_state = "enabled"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_ospf.example "sys/ospf"
```
