docs/resources/physical_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_physical_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a physical interface.
  API Documentation: l1PhysIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/System/l1:PhysIf/
  Child resources
  nxosphysicalinterface_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/physical_interface_vrf
---

# nxos_physical_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage a physical interface.

- API Documentation: [l1PhysIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/System/l1:PhysIf/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_physical_interface_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/physical_interface_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_physical_interface" "example" {
  interface_id             = "eth1/10"
  fec_mode                 = "auto"
  access_vlan              = "unknown"
  admin_state              = "up"
  auto_negotiation         = "on"
  bandwidth                = 1000
  delay                    = 10
  description              = "My Description"
  duplex                   = "auto"
  layer                    = "Layer3"
  link_logging             = "enable"
  medium                   = "broadcast"
  mode                     = "access"
  mtu                      = 1500
  native_vlan              = "unknown"
  speed                    = "auto"
  speed_group              = "auto"
  trunk_vlans              = "1-4094"
  uni_directional_ethernet = "disable"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Optional

- **access_vlan** (String) Access VLAN. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
  - Default value: `vlan-1`
- **admin_state** (String) Administrative port state.
  - Choices: `up`, `down`
  - Default value: `up`
- **auto_negotiation** (String) Administrative port auto-negotiation.
  - Choices: `on`, `off`, `25G`
  - Default value: `on`
- **bandwidth** (Number) The bandwidth parameter for a routed interface, port channel, or subinterface.
  - Range: `0`-`3200000000`
  - Default value: `0`
- **delay** (Number) The administrative port delay time.
  - Range: `1`-`16777215`
  - Default value: `1`
- **description** (String) Interface description.
- **duplex** (String) Duplex.
  - Choices: `auto`, `full`, `half`
  - Default value: `auto`
- **fec_mode** (String) FEC mode.
  - Choices: `fc-fec`, `rs-fec`, `fec-off`, `auto`, `rs-ieee`, `rs-cons16`, `kp-fec`
  - Default value: `auto`
- **layer** (String) Administrative port layer.
  - Choices: `Layer2`, `Layer3`
  - Default value: `Layer2`
- **link_logging** (String) Administrative link logging.
  - Choices: `default`, `enable`, `disable`
  - Default value: `default`
- **medium** (String) The administrative port medium type.
  - Choices: `broadcast`, `p2p`
  - Default value: `broadcast`
- **mode** (String) Administrative port mode.
  - Choices: `access`, `trunk`, `fex-fabric`, `dot1q-tunnel`, `promiscuous`, `host`, `trunk_secondary`, `trunk_promiscuous`, `vntag`
  - Default value: `access`
- **mtu** (Number) Administrative port MTU.
  - Range: `576`-`9216`
  - Default value: `1500`
- **native_vlan** (String) Native VLAN. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
  - Default value: `vlan-1`
- **speed** (String) Administrative port speed.
  - Choices: `unknown`, `100M`, `1G`, `10G`, `40G`, `auto`, `auto 100M`, `auto 100M 1G`, `100G`, `25G`, `10M`, `50G`, `200G`, `400G`, `2.5G`, `5G`, `auto 2.5G 5G 10G`, `auto 100M 1G 2.5G 5G`
  - Default value: `auto`
- **speed_group** (String) Speed group.
  - Choices: `unknown`, `1000`, `10000`, `40000`, `auto`, `25000`
  - Default value: `auto`
- **trunk_vlans** (String) List of trunk VLANs.
  - Default value: `1-4094`
- **uni_directional_ethernet** (String) UDE (Uni-Directional Ethernet).
  - Choices: `disable`, `send-only`, `receive-only`
  - Default value: `disable`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_physical_interface.example "sys/intf/phys-[eth1/10]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/physical_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_physical_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a physical interface.
  API Documentation: l1PhysIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/System/l1:PhysIf/
  Child resources
  nxosphysicalinterface_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/physical_interface_vrf
---

# nxos_physical_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage a physical interface.

- API Documentation: [l1PhysIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/System/l1:PhysIf/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_physical_interface_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/physical_interface_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_physical_interface" "example" {
  interface_id             = "eth1/10"
  fec_mode                 = "auto"
  access_vlan              = "unknown"
  admin_state              = "up"
  auto_negotiation         = "on"
  bandwidth                = 1000
  delay                    = 10
  description              = "My Description"
  duplex                   = "auto"
  layer                    = "Layer3"
  link_logging             = "enable"
  medium                   = "broadcast"
  mode                     = "access"
  mtu                      = 1500
  native_vlan              = "unknown"
  speed                    = "auto"
  speed_group              = "auto"
  trunk_vlans              = "1-4094"
  uni_directional_ethernet = "disable"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.

### Optional

- **access_vlan** (String) Access VLAN. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
  - Default value: `vlan-1`
- **admin_state** (String) Administrative port state.
  - Choices: `up`, `down`
  - Default value: `up`
- **auto_negotiation** (String) Administrative port auto-negotiation.
  - Choices: `on`, `off`, `25G`
  - Default value: `on`
- **bandwidth** (Number) The bandwidth parameter for a routed interface, port channel, or subinterface.
  - Range: `0`-`3200000000`
  - Default value: `0`
- **delay** (Number) The administrative port delay time.
  - Range: `1`-`16777215`
  - Default value: `1`
- **description** (String) Interface description.
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **duplex** (String) Duplex.
  - Choices: `auto`, `full`, `half`
  - Default value: `auto`
- **fec_mode** (String) FEC mode.
  - Choices: `fc-fec`, `rs-fec`, `fec-off`, `auto`, `rs-ieee`, `rs-cons16`, `kp-fec`
  - Default value: `auto`
- **layer** (String) Administrative port layer.
  - Choices: `Layer2`, `Layer3`
  - Default value: `Layer2`
- **link_logging** (String) Administrative link logging.
  - Choices: `default`, `enable`, `disable`
  - Default value: `default`
- **medium** (String) The administrative port medium type.
  - Choices: `broadcast`, `p2p`
  - Default value: `broadcast`
- **mode** (String) Administrative port mode.
  - Choices: `access`, `trunk`, `fex-fabric`, `dot1q-tunnel`, `promiscuous`, `host`, `trunk_secondary`, `trunk_promiscuous`, `vntag`
  - Default value: `access`
- **mtu** (Number) Administrative port MTU.
  - Range: `576`-`9216`
  - Default value: `1500`
- **native_vlan** (String) Native VLAN. Possible values are `unknown`, `vlan-XX` or `vxlan-XX`.
  - Default value: `vlan-1`
- **speed** (String) Administrative port speed.
  - Choices: `unknown`, `100M`, `1G`, `10G`, `40G`, `auto`, `auto 100M`, `auto 100M 1G`, `100G`, `25G`, `10M`, `50G`, `200G`, `400G`, `2.5G`, `5G`, `auto 2.5G 5G 10G`, `auto 100M 1G 2.5G 5G`
  - Default value: `auto`
- **speed_group** (String) Speed group.
  - Choices: `unknown`, `1000`, `10000`, `40000`, `auto`, `25000`
  - Default value: `auto`
- **trunk_vlans** (String) List of trunk VLANs.
  - Default value: `1-4094`
- **uni_directional_ethernet** (String) UDE (Uni-Directional Ethernet).
  - Choices: `disable`, `send-only`, `receive-only`
  - Default value: `disable`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_physical_interface.example "sys/intf/phys-[eth1/10]"
```
