docs/resources/pim_ssm_range.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_ssm_range Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM SSM range configuration.
  API Documentation: pimSSMRangeP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:SSMRangeP/
  Parent resources
  nxospimssm_policy https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_ssm_policy
---

# nxos_pim_ssm_range (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM SSM range configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimSSMRangeP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:SSMRangeP/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_ssm_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_ssm_policy)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_ssm_range" "example" {
  vrf_name     = "default"
  group_list_1 = "232.0.0.0/8"
  group_list_2 = "233.0.0.0/8"
  group_list_3 = "0.0.0.0"
  group_list_4 = "0.0.0.0"
  prefix_list  = ""
  route_map    = ""
  ssm_none     = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **group_list_1** (String) Group list 1.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **group_list_2** (String) Group list 2.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **group_list_3** (String) Group list 3.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **group_list_4** (String) Group list 4.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **prefix_list** (String) Prefix list name.
- **route_map** (String) Route map name.
- **ssm_none** (Boolean) Exclude standard SSM range (232.0.0.0/8).
  - Default value: `false`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_ssm_range.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]/ssm/range"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/pim_ssm_range.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_ssm_range Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM SSM range configuration.
  API Documentation: pimSSMRangeP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:SSMRangeP/
  Parent resources
  nxospimssm_policy https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_ssm_policy
---

# nxos_pim_ssm_range (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM SSM range configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimSSMRangeP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:SSMRangeP/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_ssm_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_ssm_policy)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_ssm_range" "example" {
  vrf_name     = "default"
  group_list_1 = "232.0.0.0/8"
  group_list_2 = "233.0.0.0/8"
  group_list_3 = "0.0.0.0"
  group_list_4 = "0.0.0.0"
  prefix_list  = ""
  route_map    = ""
  ssm_none     = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **group_list_1** (String) Group list 1.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **group_list_2** (String) Group list 2.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **group_list_3** (String) Group list 3.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **group_list_4** (String) Group list 4.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- **prefix_list** (String) Prefix list name.
- **route_map** (String) Route map name.
- **ssm_none** (Boolean) Exclude standard SSM range (232.0.0.0/8).
  - Default value: `false`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_ssm_range.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]/ssm/range"
```
