docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_static_rp_policy Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM Static RP policy configuration.
  API Documentation: pimStaticRPP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:StaticRPP/
  Parent resources
  nxospimvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_vrf
  Child resources
  nxospimstatic_rp https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp
---

# nxos_pim_static_rp_policy (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM Static RP policy configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimStaticRPP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:StaticRPP/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_vrf)

### Child resources

- [nxos_pim_static_rp](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_static_rp_policy" "example" {
  vrf_name = "default"
  name     = "RP"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **name** (String) Policy name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_static_rp_policy.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]/staticrp"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_static_rp_policy Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM Static RP policy configuration.
  API Documentation: pimStaticRPP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:StaticRPP/
  Parent resources
  nxospimvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_vrf
  Child resources
  nxospimstatic_rp https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp
---

# nxos_pim_static_rp_policy (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM Static RP policy configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimStaticRPP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:StaticRPP/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_vrf)

### Child resources

- [nxos_pim_static_rp](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_static_rp_policy" "example" {
  vrf_name = "default"
  name     = "RP"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **name** (String) Policy name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_static_rp_policy.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]/staticrp"
```
