docs/resources/pim_vrf.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_vrf Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM VRF configuration.
  API Documentation: pimDom https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:Dom/
  Parent resources
  nxospiminstance https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_instance
  Child resources
  nxospiminterface https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_interfacenxospimssm_policy https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_ssm_policynxospimstaticrppolicy https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy
  Referenced resources
  nxos_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf
---

# nxos_pim_vrf (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM VRF configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimDom](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:Dom/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_instance)

### Child resources

- [nxos_pim_interface](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_interface)
- [nxos_pim_ssm_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_ssm_policy)
- [nxos_pim_static_rp_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy)

### Referenced resources

- [nxos_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_vrf" "example" {
  name        = "default"
  admin_state = "enabled"
  bfd         = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`
- **bfd** (Boolean) BFD.
  - Default value: `false`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_vrf.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/pim_vrf.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_vrf Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM VRF configuration.
  API Documentation: pimDom https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:Dom/
  Parent resources
  nxospiminstance https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_instance
  Child resources
  nxospiminterface https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_interfacenxospimssm_policy https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_ssm_policynxospimstaticrppolicy https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy
  Referenced resources
  nxos_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf
---

# nxos_pim_vrf (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM VRF configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimDom](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:Dom/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_instance)

### Child resources

- [nxos_pim_interface](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_interface)
- [nxos_pim_ssm_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_ssm_policy)
- [nxos_pim_static_rp_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy)

### Referenced resources

- [nxos_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_vrf" "example" {
  name        = "default"
  admin_state = "enabled"
  bfd         = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`
- **bfd** (Boolean) BFD.
  - Default value: `false`
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_vrf.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]"
```
