docs/resources/pim_static_rp.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_static_rp Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM Static RP configuration.
  API Documentation: pimStaticRP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:StaticRP/
  Parent resources
  nxospimstaticrppolicy https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy
  Child resources
  nxospimstaticrpgroup_list https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_group_list
---

# nxos_pim_static_rp (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM Static RP configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimStaticRP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:StaticRP/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_static_rp_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy)

### Child resources

- [nxos_pim_static_rp_group_list](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_group_list)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_static_rp" "example" {
  vrf_name = "default"
  address  = "1.2.3.4"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **address** (String) Address.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_static_rp.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]/staticrp/rp-[1.2.3.4]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/pim_static_rp.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_static_rp Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM Static RP configuration.
  API Documentation: pimStaticRP https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:StaticRP/
  Parent resources
  nxospimstaticrppolicy https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy
  Child resources
  nxospimstaticrpgroup_list https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_group_list
---

# nxos_pim_static_rp (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM Static RP configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimStaticRP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:StaticRP/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_static_rp_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_policy)

### Child resources

- [nxos_pim_static_rp_group_list](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_static_rp_group_list)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_static_rp" "example" {
  vrf_name = "default"
  address  = "1.2.3.4"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **address** (String) Address.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_static_rp.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]/staticrp/rp-[1.2.3.4]"
```
