docs/resources/pim_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM interface configuration.
  API Documentation: pimIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:If/
  Parent resources
  nxospimvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_vrf
---

# nxos_pim_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:If/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_interface" "example" {
  vrf_name     = "default"
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
  admin_state  = "enabled"
  bfd          = "enabled"
  dr_priority  = 10
  passive      = false
  sparse_mode  = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`
- **bfd** (String) BFD.
  - Default value: `disabled`
- **dr_priority** (Number) Designated Router priority level.
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `1`
- **passive** (Boolean) Passive interface.
  - Default value: `false`
- **sparse_mode** (Boolean) Sparse mode.
  - Default value: `false`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_interface.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]/if-[eth1/10]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/pim_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_pim_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the PIM interface configuration.
  API Documentation: pimIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:If/
  Parent resources
  nxospimvrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_vrf
---

# nxos_pim_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage the PIM interface configuration.

- API Documentation: [pimIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/pim:If/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_pim_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/pim_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_pim_interface" "example" {
  vrf_name     = "default"
  interface_id = "eth1/10"
  admin_state  = "enabled"
  bfd          = "enabled"
  dr_priority  = 10
  passive      = false
  sparse_mode  = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `eth1/1`.
- **vrf_name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative state.
  - Default value: `enabled`
- **bfd** (String) BFD.
  - Default value: `disabled`
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **dr_priority** (Number) Designated Router priority level.
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `1`
- **passive** (Boolean) Passive interface.
  - Default value: `false`
- **sparse_mode** (Boolean) Sparse mode.
  - Default value: `false`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_pim_interface.example "sys/pim/inst/dom-[default]/if-[eth1/10]"
```
