docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_system_out.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the queuing QoS policy system out configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosSystem https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:System/
  Child resources
  nxosqueuingqospolicysystemoutpolicy_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_system_out_policy_map
---

# nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out (Resource)

This resource can manage the queuing QoS policy system out configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosSystem](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:System/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out_policy_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_system_out_policy_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out.example "sys/ipqos/queuing/policy/out/sys"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_system_out.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the queuing QoS policy system out configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosSystem https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:System/
  Child resources
  nxosqueuingqospolicysystemoutpolicy_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_system_out_policy_map
---

# nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out (Resource)

This resource can manage the queuing QoS policy system out configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosSystem](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:System/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out_policy_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_system_out_policy_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_queuing_qos_policy_system_out.example "sys/ipqos/queuing/policy/out/sys"
```
