docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the queuing QoS policy map match class map priority configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosPriority https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Priority/
  Parent resources
  nxosqueuingqospolicymapmatchclass_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map
---

# nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority (Resource)

This resource can manage the queuing QoS policy map match class map priority configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosPriority](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Priority/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "c-out-q1"
  level           = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **level** (Number) Priority level.
  - Range: `1`-`8`
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority.example "sys/ipqos/queuing/p/name-[PM1]/cmap-[c-out-q1]/prio"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage the queuing QoS policy map match class map priority configuration.
  API Documentation: ipqosPriority https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Priority/
  Parent resources
  nxosqueuingqospolicymapmatchclass_map https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map
---

# nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority (Resource)

This resource can manage the queuing QoS policy map match class map priority configuration.

- API Documentation: [ipqosPriority](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Qos/ipqos:Priority/)

### Parent resources

- [nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM1"
  class_map_name  = "c-out-q1"
  level           = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **class_map_name** (String) Class map name.
- **level** (Number) Priority level.
  - Range: `1`-`8`
- **policy_map_name** (String) Policy map name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_queuing_qos_policy_map_match_class_map_priority.example "sys/ipqos/queuing/p/name-[PM1]/cmap-[c-out-q1]/prio"
```
