docs/resources/rest.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_rest Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "General"
description: |-
  Manages NX-OS Model Objects via REST API calls. This resource can only manage a single API object. It is able to read the state and therefore reconcile configuration drift.
---

# nxos_rest (Resource)

Manages NX-OS Model Objects via REST API calls. This resource can only manage a single API object. It is able to read the state and therefore reconcile configuration drift.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_rest" "l1PhysIf" {
  dn         = "sys/intf/phys-[eth1/1]"
  class_name = "l1PhysIf"
  content = {
    id   = "eth1/1"
    mode = "trunk"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `class_name` (String) Which class object is being created. (Make sure there is no colon in the classname)
- `dn` (String) Distinguished name of object being managed including its relative name, e.g. sys/intf/phys-[eth1/1].

### Optional

- `content` (Map of String) Map of key-value pairs that need to be passed to the Model object as parameters.
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import "nxos_rest.l1PhysIf" "l1PhysIf:sys/intf/phys-[eth1/1]"
```

Commit message:

Add delete attribute to rest resource and fix test prerequisites

docs/resources/rest.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_rest Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "General"
description: |-
  Manages NX-OS DME Objects via REST API calls. This resource can only manage a single API object. It is able to read the state and therefore reconcile configuration drift.
---

# nxos_rest (Resource)

Manages NX-OS DME Objects via REST API calls. This resource can only manage a single API object. It is able to read the state and therefore reconcile configuration drift.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_rest" "l1PhysIf" {
  dn         = "sys/intf/phys-[eth1/1]"
  class_name = "l1PhysIf"
  content = {
    id   = "eth1/1"
    mode = "trunk"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `class_name` (String) Which class object is being created. (Make sure there is no colon in the classname)
- `dn` (String) Distinguished name of object being managed including its relative name, e.g. sys/intf/phys-[eth1/1].

### Optional

- `content` (Map of String) Map of key-value pairs that need to be passed to the Model object as parameters.
- `delete` (Boolean) Delete object during destroy operation. Default value is `true`.
- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import "nxos_rest.l1PhysIf" "l1PhysIf:sys/intf/phys-[eth1/1]"
```
