---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_span Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: "Flow"
description: |-
  This resource can manage the SPAN configuration on NX-OS devices, including SPAN monitor sessions, source interfaces, source VLANs, and filter VLANs.
  API Documentation
  spanEntity https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:Entity/spanMonitor https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:Monitor/spanSourceIntf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:SourceIntf/spanSourceVlan https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:SourceVlan/spanFilterVlan https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:FilterVlan/
---

# nxos_span (Resource)

This resource can manage the SPAN configuration on NX-OS devices, including SPAN monitor sessions, source interfaces, source VLANs, and filter VLANs.

### API Documentation

- [spanEntity](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:Entity/)
- [spanMonitor](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:Monitor/)
- [spanSourceIntf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:SourceIntf/)
- [spanSourceVlan](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:SourceVlan/)
- [spanFilterVlan](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-5-3/docs/Flow/span:FilterVlan/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_span" "example" {
  sessions = {
    "1" = {
      config_state = "up"
      description  = "My SPAN session"
      type         = "local"
      source_interfaces = {
        "eth1/1" = {
          direction = "rx"
        }
      }
      source_vlans = {
        "vlan-100" = {
          direction = "rx"
        }
      }
      filter_vlans = {
        "vlan-200" = {}
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- `sessions` (Attributes Map) SPAN monitor sessions.
  - Map key: `session_id` - Session identification number for current monitor session.
  - Key range: `1`-`32` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sessions))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The distinguished name of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--sessions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sessions`

Optional:

- `acl_name` (String) Name of the Access Control List applied on the current monitor session.
- `allow_sharing` (Boolean) Denotes whether sharing is enabled for the given filter ACL.
- `config_state` (String) State of the current session as configured by the user.
  - Choices: `up`, `down`
- `description` (String) Description for the current monitor session.
- `destination_ip` (String) Destination IP address for the current erspan session.
- `destination_ipv6` (String) Destination IPv6 address for the current erspan session.
- `destination_ports` (String) Destination ports for the current session.
- `erspan_id` (Number) ERSPAN identification number.
  - Range: `0`-`1023`
- `filter_vlans` (Attributes Map) Range of Filter VLANs specified for the current monitor session.
  - Map key: `vlan` - VLAN id for Filter VLAN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sessions--filter_vlans))
- `forwarding_drops_direction` (String) Denotes forwarding drop direction for the given erspan-source session None, Rx, Tx, Both.
  - Choices: `none`, `rx`, `tx`, `both`
- `forwarding_drops_receive` (Boolean) Denotes whether source forwarding drops rx is enabled for the given erspan-source session.
- `forwarding_drops_receive_low_priority` (Boolean) Denotes whether source forwarding drops rx has low priority for the given erspan-source session.
- `header_type` (String) Denotes header type ver is enabled for the given erspan session.
  - Choices: `v2`, `v3`, `v3-rfc-compliant`
- `ip_dscp` (Number) ERSPAN IP DSCP value.
  - Range: `0`-`63`
- `ip_ttl` (Number) ERSPAN IP time-to-live value.
  - Range: `1`-`255`
- `marker_milliseconds` (Boolean) Denotes whether marker value given in millis seconds.
- `marker_packet` (Boolean) Denotes whether marker packet is enabled for the given erspan-source session.
- `marker_packet_interval` (Number) ERSPAN session send marker packet interval value.
  - Range: `1`-`1000`
- `mtu` (Number) Value of Maximum transmission unit truncation size for SPAN packets.
  - Range: `64`-`10240`
- `source_interfaces` (Attributes Map) SPAN source interface configuration.
  - Map key: `interface_id` - The interface id for the session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sessions--source_interfaces))
- `source_ip` (String) Source IP address for the current erspan destination session.
- `source_ipv6` (String) Source IPv6 address for the current erspan destination session.
- `source_vlans` (Attributes Map) SPAN source VLAN configuration.
  - Map key: `vlan` - VLAN id for Source VLAN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sessions--source_vlans))
- `type` (String) Type of the current monitor session.
  - Choices: `local`, `erspan-source`, `erspanDst`, `warp`
- `vrf_name` (String) VRF name for the erspan-source session.(user specified name / default / manangement).

<a id="nestedatt--sessions--filter_vlans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sessions.filter_vlans`


<a id="nestedatt--sessions--source_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sessions.source_interfaces`

Optional:

- `allow_pfc` (Boolean) Denotes whether allow-pfc is enabled for the given source.
- `direction` (String) The direction of the source interface - Rx, Tx, Both.
  - Choices: `rx`, `tx`, `both`


<a id="nestedatt--sessions--source_vlans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sessions.source_vlans`

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The direction of the source VLAN - Rx, Tx, Both.
  - Choices: `rx`, `tx`, `both`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to       = nxos_span.example
  identity = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema


#### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = nxos_span.example
  id = ""
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import nxos_span.example ""
```
