docs/resources/svi_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_svi_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage an SVI interface.
  API Documentation: sviIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/
  Child resources
  nxossviinterface_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/svi_interface_vrf
---

# nxos_svi_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage an SVI interface.

- API Documentation: [sviIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_svi_interface_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/svi_interface_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_svi_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "vlan293"
  admin_state  = "down"
  bandwidth    = 1000
  delay        = 10
  description  = "My Description"
  medium       = "bcast"
  mtu          = 9216
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `vlan100`.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative port state.
  - Choices: `up`, `down`
  - Default value: `up`
- **bandwidth** (Number) Specifies the administrative port bandwidth.
  - Range: `1`-`400000000`
  - Default value: `1000000`
- **delay** (Number) Specifies the administrative port delay.
  - Range: `1`-`16777215`
  - Default value: `1`
- **description** (String) Interface description.
- **medium** (String) The administrative port medium type.
  - Choices: `bcast`, `p2p`
  - Default value: `bcast`
- **mtu** (Number) Administrative port MTU.
  - Range: `576`-`9216`
  - Default value: `1500`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_svi_interface.example "sys/intf/svi-[vlan293]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/svi_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_svi_interface Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage an SVI interface.
  API Documentation: sviIf https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/
  Child resources
  nxossviinterface_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/svi_interface_vrf
---

# nxos_svi_interface (Resource)

This resource can manage an SVI interface.

- API Documentation: [sviIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Interfaces/svi:If/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_svi_interface_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/svi_interface_vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_svi_interface" "example" {
  interface_id = "vlan293"
  admin_state  = "down"
  bandwidth    = 1000
  delay        = 10
  description  = "My Description"
  medium       = "bcast"
  mtu          = 9216
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **interface_id** (String) Must match first field in the output of `show intf brief`. Example: `vlan100`.

### Optional

- **admin_state** (String) Administrative port state.
  - Choices: `up`, `down`
  - Default value: `up`
- **bandwidth** (Number) Specifies the administrative port bandwidth.
  - Range: `1`-`400000000`
  - Default value: `1000000`
- **delay** (Number) Specifies the administrative port delay.
  - Range: `1`-`16777215`
  - Default value: `1`
- **description** (String) Interface description.
- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.
- **medium** (String) The administrative port medium type.
  - Choices: `bcast`, `p2p`
  - Default value: `bcast`
- **mtu** (Number) Administrative port MTU.
  - Range: `576`-`9216`
  - Default value: `1500`

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_svi_interface.example "sys/intf/svi-[vlan293]"
```
