docs/resources/vrf_container.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_vrf_container Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a VRF container.
  API Documentation: ipv4Dom https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:Dom/
  Child resources
  nxosipv4interface https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ipv4_interface
  Referenced resources
  nxos_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf
---

# nxos_vrf_container (Resource)

This resource can manage a VRF container.

- API Documentation: [ipv4Dom](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:Dom/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ipv4_interface](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ipv4_interface)

### Referenced resources

- [nxos_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_vrf_container" "example" {
  name = "VRF1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) VRF name.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_vrf_container.example "sys/ipv4/inst/dom-[VRF1]"
```

Commit message:

Add option to manage multiple devices from a single provider

docs/resources/vrf_container.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nxos_vrf_container Resource - terraform-provider-nxos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage a VRF container.
  API Documentation: ipv4Dom https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:Dom/
  Child resources
  nxosipv4interface https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ipv4_interface
  Referenced resources
  nxos_vrf https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf
---

# nxos_vrf_container (Resource)

This resource can manage a VRF container.

- API Documentation: [ipv4Dom](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/dme-docs-10-2-2/docs/Layer%203/ipv4:Dom/)

### Child resources

- [nxos_ipv4_interface](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/ipv4_interface)

### Referenced resources

- [nxos_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/netascode/nxos/latest/docs/resources/vrf)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nxos_vrf_container" "example" {
  name = "VRF1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) VRF name.

### Optional

- **device** (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The distinguished name of the object.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nxos_vrf_container.example "sys/ipv4/inst/dom-[VRF1]"
```
